My youngest son has been wanting this game for a while. I'm sure he will really enjoy it!
This tomb raider reboot is amazing! Really fun game! Looks great!
I bought and downloaded the game it does not open!!  Tried on two different computers.
It came brand new and everything but when I plugged it in it didn't even work in the game console
The gameplay is horrid, the graphics sucks for SNES and it's just very very boring to play.
Terrific purchase, terrific game. Like Hack and Slashes and don't mind a bit dated graphics?
Top notch game, especially to play with friends.
Perfect, bought for our daughter and she loves the Disney Infinity game, and all of the characters.
This game was great! Everything inside worked, so would definitely buy again!
Very fun game, even better since the integration of using a cell phone for a controller.
Negative reviews are salty Xbox one owners stuck with 720P D tier fighting games.
not as expected if I want an online game,I'll go online beware not wort the one star given
This game is so cool better than the old need for speed
Hated this game and wish I didn't waste the time and money on this weak attempt at a franchise... Awful
I bought this game because I enjoyed Silent Hill: Homecoming. I cannot even finish this game. I am so bored.
Worst purchase in history. Couldn't even play the game at all!
If you actually spent money on this, I feel for you! A 5 yr old would get bored with this game!
This is the best game I ever played!
2nd hand game, had to pay for returning.
Great game if you like aliens blood and violence
The low picture quality really hurt my passion to play this game
Probably the worst game in the Tales series.
This is a puzzle game. If you like puzzles get it. If you want scary watch the Exorcist.
Amazing I love this game so much. I probably clocked in 1000 plus hours on each game on last Gen.
didnt think much to this game, previous alone in the dark games much better than this
I still like Amazon I wish I could have had this one the game I wanted
Great game not worth paying 150 to scalpers.
My number 1 favorite zombie game. I still go back to in now and then after years.
My youngest son love these games and this keeps him busy..Lol
Solid game, another great game in my collection
Its such a fun game.  I love it
love this game, glade I got it for cheap. this is a great game that has tons of hours of gameplay.
this has to be  by far the worst gamecube game ever made
Perfect. Works excellent from story mode to multiplayer game play.
I didn't care too much for the game.  Sold it on eBay eventually.
Love this game. Fun going around killing Orcs. Great fight characteristic.
really disappointed in this game. I only paid $20 for it and still felt ripped off.
It's an okay game but unless your into MMORPG avoid.
This is an awesome game!!!Thanks!!!
Concept of this game is nice , but I got bored ! There's no spice to it !
This game has a really good story and SPOILER Carnage makes an appearance!!!!
Great game for daughter. My daughter loved it and it kept her busy for hours.
Riptide  is worst worst zombi game of alltime. It's a joke.
The product was as the seller mencioned. Great game.
Great game until you hit the glitch in episode 8, WHY DOES EA PUT OUT GAMES THAT HAVE glitches shame on you!
Another great metroid game. Brings back a lot of good memories. Glad they made it available on the advance.
Excellent keyboard to be able to sit away comfortably type in the ps3 while in game.
The game sucked, but the shipping and everything else was fine. The game froze a lot and all, but oh well
Excellent price for an excellent game. Looked brand new
Good game...lots to do...the graphics are spot on
Great I love the classic games it really did remind me of my childhood lol
Awesome game. Bought for 20$. So I'm happy.
Awesome game! Open world design with missions and vehicle to take and drive or fly. Good story driven campaign.
Have been playing it since soulblade if your into fighting games this a great one
This game is good for challenges. I enjoy challenging visitors and family members. I have always enjoyed street fighter games.
This is the amazing game I ever play of series RollerCoaster ! You should buy it for play, nice !
never got into the zero series as a teen and finding those games now are expensive. This inexpensive collection is perfect.
This game is horrible.  I want my ten dollars back and I want to be compensated for pain and suffering.
Worst game I've ever played through, 5 times!!!!!!!!! Worthless waste of time!
This game is way too hard, its not for casual gamers. They should've made it easier for everybody to enjoy
I ordered this for my granddaughter so she could play her sony games on her flat screen.  I works very well.
Scariest game I ever played. Loved every terrifying second of it.
Not good please to buy game no more I don't have game with me
The game is free to download in Microsoft store, do not buy
Single player game froze took months for them to update it to fix the glitch.
I'm still early in the game as I'm typing this but I absorbed enough to know this game is amazing.
Great game, excellent game play, perfect price.
Really good, if you want to play competitively and don't have the original gamecube controller, this is just as good.
The game looks nice visually but gameplay, controls,  and the mechanics are horrible.
Best game ever made. It has everything!
This is an awesome game with a wide open environment.  Very challenging and lots of game play time.
A great wii game very interactive and gets you moving. Took a while to master very enjoyable
Won't let me play kinect games but the voice chat works great.
Maybe its just user error but I did not enjoy this game.
Ridiculous that you'd have to pay money to have a full game.
This bundle is a lie it never even came with the games!
I could only play a few minutes of this game...just too boring. Too much of the samething over and over.
Great game and many improvements from last years version
Had to grab this game when they announced the price was dropping to $19.99
Good game.  Kept playing to see what was next.
Supposed to be complete edition. Season pass code was already used. Good game tho
way cool  game  fun  never ends with mario  levels
One of the better U.S. released Fire Emblem games, well worth adding to your collection
only caters to perv. Not a good game.
the makers went out of business so you can't play this game at all
Did not work at all. Dosnt even load past the in game liading screen after turn onn. Freezes everytime
stupid game. played for about 30 minutes then just gave it away. save your money
Great game but lazy port by Bethesda. Pick up the superior PC version for cheap on Steam.
Love these types of games never knew of this type of game could be made into fanticy but I'm glad i found it
Gift for my son.  He loves the game
If you like racing games get but i thought this had freeroam so that really sucked its was 12.00 lol
this game is a really great game i've played six times and beaten it every time and it works perfectly
One of the best games released in years.
Great keyboard for price and very well made. I love this and play many games with it.
Uh the new heroes are pretty fun but the new maps and game modes kinda blow walker assault would've been better
Sorry but this game is too much bad aged
this add on completes the story and explains more of what happens to finish off the game story . .
Not a good game even on next gen console.
I guarantee you will say it's WHAT TIME at least once while you are playing this game time just gets lost
I did not enjoy this game, the aiming system is bad and the color is horrible.
Repetitive, dlc locked in cd, no story.Don't buy into the hype. This game is just terrible.
love it no problem must have for a pc for games like rocket league nfs and 2k
This game is awful, and it is an obvious cash grab.
Xbox rocks.  Great game selection great video graphics and now supports Bluetooth.
Wish I would of gotten it sooner!  Love the game!  Thanks for the quick shipping!
EA has done a really awful job with this game.  Such an embarrassment to the IP.
Great game.  I love hidden gems for old systems and this is definitely one.  Lots of fun to be had here.
very cool game, its like super smash brothers only its playstation game heros and villians
stealth games in First person ??? LOL no way
This is an excellent game. If you like Japanese role playing games, similar to final fantasy, this is an amazing gane
I am really disapointed about this game. I expected mucho more, the gameplay sucks...
Nothing like original paper mario games, I played a bit of this and got bored really fast.
not a good game took long time to load then didn't work right
this is a pity game for the genre. complete desaponted. tenchu for the ps still the king of the hill.
Great game. Lot's of options with multiple endings.
Save your money. Will be a $20 game after the holidays.A feeble attempt.
I enjoyed playing this game. Has great grapics and the mouse control is good. The story line is good too.
same with this game doesn't support wheel or controller
I got both I am over pissed they are pretty much the complete same thing when they are advertised as different games
Simple as that. I could not play it. The game does not work on 4gb xbox 360.I waste my money.
You get four classic Xbox game updated for the Xboxone. 4 for 1! What a bargain.
game did not work properly and I uninstalled it.
the game is not complete, it is a scam, to see the true end you have to purchase the Collector's Edition
it prevents the original thumb grips from wearing out and gives you better control while playing games also. continued comfort
Nice game, I play it over and over again, highly recommended.
Awesome game for a great price. Fast shipping too. So happy
Not what i was hoping for! If you're getting this game get the console version. Way too easy.
So so game. Get regular FIFA game not the worldcup edition
Really awesome gameplay, storyline, setting, and characters.
there are not many good games out to use this for. save your money and buy something else. don't recommend
This game has been offline for yearsIts basically just an over priced coaster
Wouldn't connect with the main game so basically useless.
The shooting system don't like to me, i gave the game to someone who like it.
for a late ps2 game, the graphics are excellent!
This game is absolute garbage.  Graphics and design are like 30 years old.
Bad game, it is very hard to finish so missions. I can't waste my time on video games.
Spawn if front of an enemy and die. Best game ever. 10/10.
A very fun and addicting game.A must have for any DS owner.
Fit on my Xbox 360 arcade edition perfectly! Now I have enough space to download some on demand games, thanks
This game has a really good story line and the missions are super fun and challenging.The multiplayer is just amazing.
Amazing console, weirdly overlooked. Great but limited library. Also, SM3DW is my favorite Mario game ever.
yikes... final fantasy fans beware. this game is awful.
This game was bought as a gift, recipient seemed to like it.
the best fighting game ever nothing more to say
The game is ok. Wasn't as exciting like I thought it would be.
for the price is good but Isn't a good game for have a nice experience in the PS3! not recomended...
One of the stupidest games ever. Dont waste your money.
That's all I can really say. No where near as good as the previous games. I was disappointed.
It's i the game not something else and it came fast also the game was well protected and it wasn't damaged
Great graphics but the game is as long as this review
Sucks. Worst resident evil game ever. Has nothing to do with the series. Totally disappointed. Don't buy
microsoft is paying all the agencies and website group to give the high rating to their game. Worst story line,
After playing borderlands , this game is far from a sequel. The gameplay and weaponary surpass the original borderlands.Love the game.
Very good game..nice graphics...i enjoyed playing it
waste of money. If you have the 1st and 3rd game this is unecessary
This is a great 3D game for the DS all the kids love to play pirates so it always in someone console.
Best games of my childhood, you will not regret getting it.
Tired to like this game but felt disconnected. Fans of skyrim might enjoy it.
I wish this game wasn't so bad but it's the least compelling game on PS4
I own this game..and have been playing it for years
Terrible game for the SNES when it comes to Batman games. Plays like Mortal Kombat
This is a very challenging game so you are not able to complete it quickly like the other star stable games.
A fun short game that is more family oriented than anything .
A horrible game that features all the top stars of the defunct company and no ring whatsoever.
Sold it almost immedietly, this game is awful. All we wanted was a modern road rash, very simple.
Run of the mill DW game. I bought this to play multiplayer with friends.
It doesn't get better than this. Great characters, great moves and controls, it's just an awesome game!
Ger design in the game is very simple so the figure is very simple too.
Bad experience loading the game. Fire walls stopped installation. Deleted same and gave away. Would not recomend.
Zombies and live are great and love the missions.  One of the best shooter games out in the past several years.
Stopped working after a month. Lag between button press and game movement.
unable to play the game due to it freezing on one  episode so Iam not able to play the game past a certain point
Best strategy game ever. A game that is very much like chess, but more interactive.
Great pirate game. Ladies / ship battles and swashbuckling .... Such fun even fort battles ....
It was not that good of a game.
Got it from Walmart. Waste of 9bucks. Buy if want to waste $9.The tutorial is not helpful.very annoying game
games snap in securely with no wiggle room. case is very sturdy. everything i wanted.
It was a fast delivery and the gameplay Rocks no complaints here
It's another Pokmon game, some good features and looks nice.
Combat is horrible and ruins this game. Batman this is not
Very cute and good quality like other Amibos, daughter uses it for her Happy Home game and for Mario Maker works great.
An awesome game..!  It keeps one spellbound the entire time..!!!
Great sculpt... but not enough functionality in Nintendo games across all systems.
A great offline rpg.  Has more replay value than most games.
A new story with all the greatest characters on one game for non stop action
Same old game with many great things from the past games taken out.
Bad gameplay, poorly setup, hard to control, but its batman and has an ok story.
i had this game along time and it is still as much fun. i allso love Mario bowling.
Did not care for the game at all. Not my type of hidden object game.
Great game! Tons of things to do and parkour is very smooth
Great limited edition! You won't regret getting this. Great game!
was not  as impressed with this game as  The r eviews  suggested I would be
Would not work on my system with Windows 8.1 64 bit and the Windows games live would not activate.
watch the youtube review on this one. not so cool of a game for me
Wtf angry joe. This game is great with a good story theme
this halo game is not from bungie,but this game is great the game graphic is flawless the gameplay and the control is great.
game disk was cut out of the box so this item was NOT new and was NOT complete
This game misinterprets what made Ninja Gaiden appealing and proceeds to aggravate players with bad mechanics and writing.
This game is very fun to play.The Mega evolution is awesome and it gives a new level of challenge.
I had a craving to play this so much was so glad that it came earlier than expected! Such a fun game!
the game is not fair enemys don't die  when shot and shoot without reloading
Good game gave a gift but it has great grpices
My slut gf replays the blowjob mission now I hate this game lol
Great controller. Missing rumble feature, otherwise best wired gamepad for it's price.
you get to create monsters and do simple missions. big whoop. i get more action out of a Zynga game.
this would be a nice game with out steam.
Really fun game. My wife and I enjoyed playing together.
this game is defective I will be returning to you amazon for refund.edwardcallahan74@yahoo.com
the game is really bad and does not make any sense
Somewhat amusing dialogue but the gameplay is simply awful. The design choices for control are abominable.
This game is the epitome of glitchy. Great concept for kids though.
We ordered that game to try it out on the Nintendo, and the kids liked it.
fit perfectly in my Nintendo 64it also fits perfectly in a game cubesuper great pricegreat chord !
No complaints..Bugs very rare... Makes you think of a future game - Skyrim and Witcher 3  combined...!
Love hydro thunder but the graphics are so horrid it makes the game unplayable.. I recommend the Sega Dreamcast or Nintendo 64 versions
it is a useless as a ps2 game .
I like all "Need For Speed" games. I just added this one to my collection.
Great game. but I wish there was a online mode without the demons. I don't find them fun at all.
if you like plot holes and being left completely unsatisfied, this is the game for you
Great game. Not much different than the switch version.
Who wouldnt love this game? Like, cmon! Its mario!
It's an awesome game! We love it!
false advertising as a multi-player game. Multi-player is no longer supported so you cannot use it as such. Big let down.
I love this game. It is the best and now I am just typing to be able to post this review!
a game where you can be like the Government 5/5 :D
One of my favorite series, I recommend everyone at least giving it a try if you like first person games.
Great game, great price, just wanted a copy for myself. Check out Heavy Rain, too.
Sony just gave this game a paint job that's it the game should of been 19.99
The kids are having a blast with this game!  They seemed to enjoy being chased by the cops and being the cop.
So much content, so much love... <3Second game is out and I still haven't finished the first.
If your into fps this is awsome game to get and so much to do in the open world game
A well put together game with everything you want from a amazing superhero game.
history driven and great game to play, learned quite a bit about the time period
Got this for my teenager. He's used it and abused it as a gamer everyday.
Really really bad game would give it 0 stars if I could
the games a lot of fun. if you have played star wars battlefront its very similar.
i love girls in bikinis and zombies, but not this game.  it could have have been great
My favorite golf game on the computer. Very good graphics.
I didn't receive the US version of the game.  It looks like European version.
It's my first game, and I still play.  This game delivers tons of adrenaline and fun.
Well it works..But overpriced is the name of the game. MSD next time sony
By far one of the best Zelda games, even though its the gba addition I still highly recommend it.
I only recieved the game box :( No book, nothing disc, also looked used.
I got the case but no game inside it total waste of money thanks Steve diamond
I was so glad to get this & it was in excellent condition. Been enjoying the gameplay ever since :)
By far and wide the worst control scheme of ANY game that I have ever played.
unsre why its on here  as i have a xbox380 but nevr this game  so caNT critiuqe that which i know not .
Bought the "new" game but it was definetely used and re-sealed. People are so dumb.
This game is pretty stupid but I imagine for little kids its probably fun
Great game. Love havin all the halos multiplayer is quite tough though.
Not disappointed. Great game! Good graphics. Delivered quickly with prime
My daughter loves it!  She especially likes all of the finely tuned customization you can do to objects within the game.
My grandsons like flying this Supercharger in the game.
disappoint and i didn't know it demo game...
Very good game; amazing. One of the best title on PS4.
This game makes me not enjoy wrestling games anymore , when they continue with the new way the gameplay is
I played this game and its a good game and come me new
It might be an okay game. I just don't like that it requires using the wii u gamepad to play it.
great game with lots of cool extra goodies.
This game still doesn't work and this add on would not run on Vista, I have double the requirements required.
good idea bad try.nobody well come to ur town.none simciy games r playable
This game suffers from low resolution and low framerate. This is much better on the pc. Get the superios pc version.
This was a Birthday gift for my Grandson. He was excited. It was a game he wanted.
Not the seller fault but this game sucks.
Didn't work for my game console or tv.
Love the campaign. Good game for the price.
Fun game, cool metal case to store it in.
YUP its a must have for all racing game enthusiasts
never played it I only watch it now cus it'd tv 14 wresting no jeff hardy in the game suck it
Super fun game my little girl loved it !!  It came in a nice condition.
Art style was beautiful, gameplay was Zelda like, and drawing the circles sucked.
Short and not sweet, this game is bullsh*t!
Game arrived in perfect condition and there were no problems with installation. I love this game and would recommend it to others!
Lots of fun! The graphics are good and the gameplay story is entertaining! 5 Stars.
This make a difference on Rock Band first drum set by bringing the noise to a acceptable level and enjoy better the game.
This game is Civ II meets D&D. Its horrible. One of my five LEAST favorite games.
It a great game and it arrived in time too
Classic games. Weren't messed with at all. Just as great as I remember
My gamer says he can get more clicks a second than ever before with this mouse
THIS VERSION OF PS3 does not work well with some games. AND DESIGN OF THE CONSOLE is the worst.
Not my favorite  type of hidden object games!
didn't work with windows 8 bummer cause I love the game wish they made one for windows 7 or 8
Enjoyable game to play with kids.Loved the dog, my grandsonliked to make him go to bed andeat.
Thank you ..I have the receipt of the gameIt's very wonderful ..
I really love this game. It is so different from the ps2 version.
Not the type of game that I'm into.
eh, its more like a cartoon movie and the game play is lame
This is only $39.99 at Wal-Mart it's a great game but don't buy it for this price.
pefect game old of course had to keep trying it over and over but works as expected and would buy more!!
A Bad game that appears to be a great one..
Great game, could've been longer, but always kept my attention.
real fun game the kids love it and play it for a long while. great price and real fast shipping!
I got this in a wii bundle. Only game worth playing is tennis. I suggest wii sport resort of anything else
Grand kids like the games especially bowling and tennis.
Got this with the collectors expansion, played after i got the expansion. Good game!
The game is not a shooter and is a hide n seek game instead. It is terribly boring
so much work to put into such a negative game... ugg.
This game can be described in a few simple words, boring, repeaditive,  bad, pointless.
Very stupid game, very bad graphics... I think that it look worse then any other Original Xbox game... Too short...
Awful rendering and extreme screen tearing a horrible frame rate make this game unplayable
not a real minecraft game cant built anything or even move around freely. Too short boring at best
If you love action and 3rd person shooter, this is the game for you! great gameplay and story
my son won't stop playing this game he really loves it I like the value it got to us quickly pleased
Good campaign story, crap multi-player just like all COD games
This is the best zombie game ever can't stop playing it.
the game it self is great but the controls are HORRIBLE
Low FPS and not a good game. Uncharted clone all the way.
If I can recall, I don't remember even going through with this order because I surely don't have this game.
Good story, Good game play !! Love it!
Way too small, incredibly overpriced.  Never buy this unless you only have 2 games on PS Vita.
Great gift, my boyfriend collects all these video games, movies, etc.
This game has not aged well.  This is a bad game and unplayable for all but the most nostalgic.
This game is nice if you like the naruto anime/manga so buy it :D
im not a on line player. i like to play in the single player games and it will not let me play
would be a great game if it was compatible with force feedback steering wheels
A must have for any fan of the series or fun games in general!
best zelda game ever. best on wii u. very happy with this purchase.
advertises 3 games.  Only 1 delivered.  BS.  Will NOT BUY
Tried multiple times.  Downloaded another game, so it wasn't my system.  Got a refund from Amazon.
Love snoopy but the game is not as good as snoopy
The game didn't work. It wasn't even recognized by my console.
This game is awesome! Really original and very well done, with amazing chapters that keep you tense all the time.Recommended.
Loved these games. Fun to play. Some challenges but nothing too difficult. Shane
best nfl 2k game ,,,which more were made.
Just go rent God of war if hack and slash is your thing. This is a pathetic game.
Something wrong with the game, when I aim to shoot the baton or baseball bat appears in place of the weapon.
great game wonderful graphics and an epic rpg for it's time I high recommend to anyone
Love the game thanks!This game is great from the look and the level of detail and the combat. Thanks
Awesome selection of old school games. Can't beat the play time for the price!
This game is fun to play. Haven't stopped since I got it
Not worth 60 dollars, wait awhile it will be cheaper as people dump tho game in a month.
I just bought this from game stop for $36 this is way over priced
Another game I will not be purchasing due to DRM.
Fantastic game, brilliant story telling.  Perfect.
Really great game if you're a DBZ fan.
This was another fantastic Nancy Drew game!! I loved all the twists & turns of the clues in this one!!
Terrible boring game.  Don't spend more than $5 on this garbage.
great wii game, my sister loves it a lot and so do it
if you are a fan or not you will like this edition and the game from Lara Croft Adventures .
Game is a POS like the seller game is trash I'm throwing it in the trash
This game was lame.  D2 was so much better.
I did not play this game yet but I know it is going to be awesome!
What a sick idea for a game.  Killing  beautiful and sometimes endangered animals.
Great game  love it .  would suggest this to everyone Best $5 I ever spent for a used game .
Everything as described,  game plays great. Amazing part of the mana series!
Such a crushing disappointment on every level.What has been done to the aliens franchise with this game is a crime.
Broken. Really nothing more can be said about this game.
secret of mana 2 doesn't exsist, this game is a fake.
best game for ps3 for the king of fighters saga. new not used so i got a great muddertruckin deal
only had the time to start intro but gameplay is smooth
Worst AC game yet. Ubisoft really LOWERED the bar on this one.
All "Need For Speed" games are great! Just added to my collection.
False advertising ruined the game, setting expectations way over what you find in the actual game.
I love this game it is amazing and a lot of fun
I don't like this game. It was really bad!
Everyone is right about this game. It does get boring quick. The graphics are ouystanding, but thats about it.
This game is great.  I can easily spend one hundred hours playing this game.  It is very addictive to play.
I enjoy this game more than farcry 4 or 3
A sophisticated story line, weapons variety is excellent and i game experience is among the best
please don't buy this game. i played the demo and it sucked. there will be plenty of racing games soon enough
good game but this copy glitches before getting to the boss
TERRIBLE PRICE. MY wife was tricked into buying the game for my son here. The game only costs $2.99 at Gamestop
This game was clearly not ready to be released and clearly optimized for PC. Not a good port in my opinion.
Great first game, we have the Wii version, just wish you could use the classic controller instead of the nunchuck.
This and the logitech G13 are things i cannot game on my PC without.
What a rip off this should be a free PS four game
My kids didn+t like this game... They love Minecraft, but not this one!! ;(
Great Game, Challenging. If you are into Lovecraft and are looking for a challenge this is the perfect game for you!
Deluxe Edition bears no added fruit compared to standard, don't waste your money...Alsome 5star game however
its a decent game, but there are better games
THE BEST Uncharted game to date. Unbelievable story, gameplay, graphics, and its's 4k on PS4 Pro.
Thought it was like the old castlevania game. My mistake, kids will not play it.
god this game isn't as good as i remember it being
It reeks.  It's not an actual game, it's go there, click that.  A robot could do it.
After playing this game my brain feels exercised.
Great game to enjoy while deployed, made time go buy quick!
there is no instruction on how to play game its the worst .next time I will stick to Microsoft zoo tycoon
Disc arrived scratched. Skipped a lot. Had to have local game store re surface it.
One of the best games I have ever played.
I played this game when I was a teenage.
Bs I think these games are boot legs neither game I bought from you works
This is a verry fun game, verry creative and pure of action fun. Great story and 3d animation.
your playing a game you think its fun from the case you put it in and everything goes to hell
Just an ok game.  We are going to trade it in.  Not very fun.
My first FE game and I love it. :D
This Game is the best game so far I played from the 007 series get right away
Boring game graphics engine is great but story line is mediocre
Long boring game,just like Skyrim a complete waste of time and money!!
The statue is cheaply made and the game that comes with it is utter garbage.
this game is so boring plus it has horrible actors..
It's okay. Just hard to get the games out.
my kids love to play this game all the time
I love most of thebig fish games very challenging
I like scary games, this game is great but it is very complicated, they should have made it a coop game.
I use this along with the motion controllers to play the House of the Dead games on PS3 and its perfect.
This game is really boring and it has high systems requirements and video cards problems...... Do not BUY this game!
You have to pay $59 a year to play this game.
I love the gameplay but the graphics are even worse than DW2. I can't go through that hardship anymore. XD
Great game if you're a fan of Monster Hunter type games
This the worst racing game ever.  I would never recommend this game to anyone to purchase or to rent anytime.
Maybe one day this game can grow up to be a real RTS for PC instead of being ridiculously restricted to a platform.
my favorite game, less buggy than their other titles and super fun
I LOVE XBOX 12 MONTH because is so convenient and easy and Microsoft give you 2 games a month to play for free.
The woman annoy to much, bad gameplay.
great game for anybody who loves the Scribblenauts series.
false advertising as a multi-player game. Multi-player is no longer supported so you cannot use it as such. Big let down.
Junk story line.  Push deadlines to release game that doesn't work.
I never could get this game to download.
Its Gta whats to say its always going to be a good game just not child friendly
excellent game for kids my son plays all the time
game is too short and the add ons will cost ya ! graphics suck aswell
could of been so good but game controls suck.Seller did well however.
This game seems poorly put together.  No instructions to help from scene to scene.  Puzzles are the same way.
As usual the Total War people have produced a great historical video game.
Won't load can't play the game. Tried work arounds.
Works great, really enjoying the game. Will be buying from this person again.
Worst game of the COD franchise.  Do not buy.
Must buy! This game is fun to play! I think it's better then regular board games.
Really this is a bad game. It has good graphics but horrible storyline so look for this if your an idiot.
works as advertised. Definitely recommend it for gamers
Just trials of nes games not the real deal
My son loves it. But I find it difficult to play. So not impressed. The wii nascar game is easier.
One of the best,  most intricate games I've ever played. Hours of fun to be had.
Great game for kids. My daughter loved it and it kept her busy for hours.
Rated NO out of ten. Too much scripted action. Unplayable. Boring. Worst 60 bucks spent on a game.
really restricted movement didn't seem to keep my grand child entertained use to lego games where you search for thing and move everywhere
This is one of the best Spider- Man video games I love it.
I've loved this game since the 90'sIt's great to play it on it's original format.It works perfect.
Game servers got shut down shortly after purchase, literally making the game unplayable. Very unfortunate.
my kid played the game for 5 min only, it is not fun. if you want to try it just rent it
Loved this game. Many new features and clear and sharp views. Plays like the real game.
Lots of contents in the game. All of the songs are in full version which is great!
Great family game.  Has multiple player games such as tennis which can engage a family on family game night for hours.
A good game . My daughter loved it!
Loved it. It came in sooner than I expected. But the game was just terrifying. That's what I like.
Amazingly fun game; addictive.I plan on getting others in the series now.
Excellent game and played almost flawlessly on the Xbox One S.
great games system. the gold version is glorious
This game is a lot of fun. The game style is very similar to Chip and Dale Rescue Rangers.
almost at the end of the game it frozens
I found this game boring after a couple plays. In my option it's simply the first three games in hd
Great game but can be repetitive.  Definitely not for people who don't like to grind but perfect for those that do.
Dark Kingdom ok if you like hack an slash gauntlet type games.after awhile it become BORING unlike Gauntlet excitement.
This game never really gets old. i usually play it and complete it once a month and it just stays fun.
I didn't really care for this game which is sad because I love Inuyasha.  I much preferred A Feudal Fairy Tale.
The player create in 2k3 has a random school selected for you. I suggest buying this game
Been playing this game for over 14 yrs.  It rocks.
ok good but not as much as other games
Dlc code worked and the game is fine.
Shred a $50 bill instead of this game, your paper shredder will thank you.
Holy crap, I don't sleep any more, I just zombie out on this freakin game.
These games do not have a good story line and are not fun.
Excellent game. I love it! Came in great condition. The case wasn't broke, the CD wasn't scratched.
Mario Kart 7 - my grandson enjoys this game.
The games came good but the case was broke so much could not be used at all,
Graphics are very real and gameplay is too awesome.
I enjoyed playing the Green Lantern game it felt good to be Lantern
I love this game.  It is easy to understand and I love playing it.  It was an awesome purchase. Thanks.
I love this game and looked a long time to find a resonably priced game as this thank you for w great game
I think my game came with a bug, cause it loaded but would not play without error messages popping up
Dumb game..."saves" too far in between.
boring game, even the kids agree.  Kinect games are just not that fun.
Not a fan of this game. It was frustrating because the controls seemed so clunky compared to other games.
Prompt shipping. My son loves this game. Thank you!
i freakin love this game. if you've never played it yet, get it now.
This is another over-hyped game from EA that is all hype and DRM. Don't waste your money.
The game is not interesting enough to make you wan't to keep playing. Bought because wanted something new to play.
Another great game in the series! This might very well be my favorite Animal Crossing in the series since the very first!
I don't own the game but with all these negative reviews just might as well rate it 1 star
I thought the Wii u was marketed as "Next gen" so why does this game look cartoon like? No thanks Nintendo
this guy looks so cool on the game blue and gold still does all the same stuff as the reg just looks diffrent
All it is, is a HOS game.
Mortal Kombat is back this real mortal Kombat better graphics better game play more characters super good
Great game but you have to pay for more content, which is understandable. However, DLC is killing the gaming industry.
Like most games the difficulty level is absolutely ridiculous. Need a game that non experts can beat.
It was a great game sold at a cheap price
Everyone loves to play this game of Wall-E on the Xbox 360.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants it.
The worst game I've ever played. Period
Loved halo 1 to 4 multiplayer (1-3 campaign), but this game is complete trash...
AWESOME game just wish i had not waited so long to buy it.
The 3DS sure has got some very cool games going for it.
The PC Game is better but as a DS game this is a great substitute for the original.
Great game. As good as Pokemon X/Y.
Not the best of the battlefield series or games.  Could use a lot of work.
Works great! Good to have if you enjoy playing games online with friends
Great game if you have lots of friends with 3ds', but alone this game sucks. The multiplayer is regularly laggy.
My slut gf replays the blowjob mission now I hate this game lol
One the WORST games I've ever seen !!!
it's also a great game of seek and find
Works well, nothing to complain about - I use it to play old Wii games on my Wii U that require it.
This game is more for little kids than adults.
Damn my first game on ps4 and was amazing.
some games would not work, that bothers me. majong is fun to play. i through it away also, oh well
The statue is amazing I already owned the game but really wanted the hell fighter figure.
The disc was in poor condition. Failed to be read by gamecube
Recived it, Played it, worked great no glitch or scratch stoping the game great buy for me I would say.
Retro gamers want this for Super Famicon and save states speed running
I am glad I bought this here cause the game sucks
Once again i,ve brought a game that I don't know how to play or either it just does not work
I like this game because it brings back some of the core values that Splinter Cell is based on
This game is terrible.  I should have known that going in since PC is worse than console in every way.
Great game, all RE fans , this is another must have
I love  Chibi-Robo  is a cute character in all his games
Lego games are always fun but this one is great! They upped the graphics and the challange of it. Good times
Watch your hard drive space knack records 918 meg videos every 2 game chapters eating the ps4 hard drive on one game
It was flat out horrible it would stop working five minutes into the game after it was guaranteed to work
The monopoly game has serious programming flaws, making it unplayable.  Returned after a huge disappointment.
my son loves this game,I got it for him for his birthday
Not a big fan of this game, the graphics aren't so great and the gameplay gets rather boring.
Very boring and the scenes just seem to repeat themselves. There are better games out there. Dont' waste your money.
I adore and love steam I also adore and love buying steam games but 28 buck for 20 in credits thats just terrible
Pretty horrible game as you would expect it to be. Not even worth it for 5 bucks. Nothing to see here
not so engaging story. Heavy rain,  TWD and until dawn are far far better games in similar gener
it was a steal! Get it if you can, its an awesome game trilogy and well worth the price. (:
Not even worth buying used. Pretty to listen to but the worst game play ever.Nothing like previous star wars games.
Great game! Get it before it's extinct.
lame game, sorry guys, love the show, this gets old fast and is kinda tough to learn to move
I received the Ghostbusters movie instead. I was looking forward to playing this game
One of the best FPS games ever created. It is a must regardless of age for gaming!
worst resident evil ever .. back tracking in every aspect of the game. feels dated .  unplayable it is so bad
good game have my characters registered and needs no portal
Heard great things about this game.  I hated it.
EA games have a tendency to be highly expensive.  They charge you the entire game for updates done to the same game.
Works great for his pc games and also uses it for either his Xbox or PS, not sure which one
This was one of the worst games I ever purchased. Terrible graphics and a really bad story line. Save your money.
too fast, not a real castlevania game. More like street fighter. Fun for 20 min. once every 40 days.
already had the game, just wanted the full version
One of my favorite games ever. Great history. Was received very quickly and brand new. Couldn't ask for more.
A game captured in essence and in perfect condition!  Thank you!
Only the box came. If bought from Blizzard I would of gotten the game with working code.
Excellent game for the price. Its the best stand alone dlc for any game i have played
Still trying to get it downloaded so can use in game play
As the title describes.  They are well craft and protect my GBA games perfectly.  Great deal.
Doesn't fit my PC even though it was in PC games
Probably one of the worst racing games I have ever played
Not a terrible game, but just like every kickstarter it fails to deliver on the hype it generates.
deadzone is huuuge, makes it hard to use it for any game.
A must have for any fan of the series, Blizzard or fun games in general!
Was going to get this game but do to the reviews I'm not, I thank every body for there response
A must have for a PS2 collection. Its a great game done up in the Baldurs gate PS2 style.
it didn't charge our game boy ,,and no money back
Could not get the game to run right.
Main game works somewhat, with minor bugs/glitches. However, the Undead Nightmare is broken and unplayable.
My daughter likes this game on many systems.
This game is hard to win from section to segtion. The game is good for many hours of intence play.
Could not download this game, much as I wanted to.
I wouldn't waste my money on this game.  It is boring and very lame.
ordered it as a Christmas present for my brother. Glued to the game for hours and he loved every minute of it
Great game. I wish there was more exclusive stuff for the New Nintendo 3DS...
Bring it on! My son still loves this game.
It's a solid and cute game but for those looking for a good farm sim may want to look elsewhere.
sucked game was not as described either i wouldn't buy this game again
Favorite game from way back when.Never gets old. Ever. And ever. :)
This is a great game, fun to play. Classic megaman, you can't go wrong.
Found it boring. Didn't feel up to par with most other PS3 kid games
It is a bit easy but considering I got it at a reduced price it's well worth the game play.
This is a fun game and it works great
not the best god of war game but still really fun and a must play for any ps3 owner
yikes... final fantasy fans beware. this game is awful.
I must've been an extremely smart 5 year old because playing this game now is disastrous  lol
Awesome games for low price. Not as novel as the the original but still great and lots of fun. Recommended
this is by far one of the weirdest games I ever played...love it though.
do not buy it if you still running with window XP because the game won't runI'm very disappointedthanks
Perfect game. Love the horror games like this.
Dll error keeps on happening its not letting me download the game whats going on!!!
Maybe one day this game can grow up to be a real RTS for PC instead of being ridiculously restricted to a platform.
Never played GOW series since PS2 and this game was amazing. I loved it and the graphics looked great to me!
Love Civ but got little playtime with this game so far
I don't believe that graphics alone make a game but this game literally looks so bad it made my eyes nurt.
Point blank; if you have the XBOX, you must have this game.
Excellent game . Very interesting, entertaining , with great graphics and images ...
I played this game once after I bouught it, so I never really gave it a chance.
Really scary game! That's all I need to say haha
Worst COD to date. I'm very upset with this game...it's unspeakably bad
Neat little game to pass the time on the go, fans of Splintercell/Metal Gear will love this!
Far cry 3 and 4....AWESOME games!!!! Highly recommend.
PopCap games of seek and find are fun, easy, and a little challenging.  Great theme.
I am a fan of the Guild Wars games and really enjoyed this game.  The new area was fun to play.
This pak is well worth the price.  It fits lots of games; two charges and to DS lites.  Highly recommend.
The game played but it was unable to save a file without corrupting it every time so that was b.s.
amazing, game working nice, it worth the price
does not connect. i see people that played 1ooo something games. i barely get the ball they kick me out
The game is not as good as the other PS-3 games I have.
Meh not really for me. Dont like the style of game.
A classic game, but kind of PC'ed up, if you know what I mean.
My son loved this game system. Buy a HDMI cable or it won't remember what you previously played.
Only put the one star as the game I received wasn't able to download.  I'm hoping to try it soon.
Really wanted to like this game, but there are just too many bugs!!! Not worth the price.
In perfect condition- exactly what I wanted and ordered, arrived on time. My kids LOVE this game!
It don't feel like resident Evil! Feels like Texas Chainsaw massacre!! What happened to the classical Resident Evil Horror game
game very boring no fun. Amazon is the worst company in the world. Amazon hate veterans
Okay but too much going back and forth.  No real challenging experiences with the game play.  Actually kinda stupid game.
I think my son got bored with this game more quickly than others.  Ideal for smaller children
As soon as i got the game off of Amazon the game has been very enjoyable and interesting.
I love this game on the old nintendo 64. It is fast paced and full of action in playing against each other.
I bought this game but received a totally different game.
Added to my collection . . . will be collecting more games.
This game has MICRO TRANSACTIONS.  That's an automatic 1 star review.End of review.
Cute and works on the games it is supposed to.
My granddaughter plays this game a lot.  She enjoys the Disney Princess Series and this keeps her occupied while on trips.
quick way to get jipped, to make in game money.
Near the end of the game has a nearly impossible level avoiding traps.
The game simply does not run on my mac.You should have said something about PowerPC applications.
Great game for Kids and family time. definitely recommended for moms and dads to jump in and have fun with their kids.
A classic, hopefully these remain somewhat easy to find. The game itself is great.
Enjoyed the storyline, but liked the multiplayer games better.
I finally opened this product and it is just a dvd and not the damn game.
the figures would not work with the game. The game kept stalling. Other figures worked fine
This game is so boring, i thought it was going to be fun but then i realized its by EA
My favorite Zelda games of all time. Lengthy quest.
Met my expectations. The game (visuals) itself hasn't aged well though, so beware before buying.
this game is an awesome conclusion to the trilogy i would definitely reccomend this to anyone.
Really enjoyable to play..Graphics were good and hated to see I had finished it.Very good game if you like hidden objects.
it was what it was supposed to be. it showed up on time. i love this game. no problems at all
Great set of games. Gets the kids moving!
This played really well on the XBox One S. Borderlands is one of my all time favorite game series.
The Game of the year edition has the regular game plus all the DLC! TOTALLY WORTH THE MONEY!
It loses alot of gameplay after downing a few jets.
I got this in a wii bundle. I only like the tennis game. I suggest wii sport resort if anything
Product was in great condition. Was not a very fun game.
I'm a little disappointed that this gets localized and other games aren't. It's just not very good.
Sorry...  telltale games are just not for me.  They are super boring.
One of the best games ever made top 10 rpg of all time
It was like a brand new game fresh new right straight out of the oven
Very short lasting game. Yet again the hype is more than it definitely is.
on of the best games i have ever played
My game came in fantastic condition, I love playing it with my sis, but she just went off to college...
This is an excellent game .. A good action shooter that has many creepy and / or scary moments,
My least favorite assassin creed game and this was with all the patches and updated included when I played it.
This game is literally unplayable with its controls.
I haven't played it more than a few hours, but just not my kind of game. Boring as hell.
Doesn't support Widows 7, 8, or 10. Disappointment. They need to repatch this game for never operating systems.
Not a Castlevaina game, just a fighting game with Castlevania charicters.
I love this game its fun and its cool and its really fun i really love this game! u should try it
amazing game. a must have for a gamecube owner and is great four player or one player!
The game didn't come with a case, and on top of that the game did not even work very disappointed
motion controlls don't work game play is fustrating
Horrible controls, very slow paced, poor monster pacing, frequent freezing and quest line line problems, the game seemed rushed.
I bought this for one of my boys because he loves Star Wars. He said it is a fun game.
this game is mostly based on cheap theatrics. the gameplay has not improved over the older games at all
This game did not work. Damaged disk.
i guees its an ok game i just coundn't get into it all that much
2nd. to worst game i have payed.
Loved this game. It was like... taking Fable from x-box, and making it way better.
They are 6 & 8 and it is their favorite game so far.  Good buy if you catch it on sale.
Nice game big challenges, not easy to play
During game play character appears as normal, unlike other special editions that show up as different colors or with different titles.
I had it fixed cause it was not working in my xbox360 so i had the game clean so now it works
i thought that this was a good game until disk 2 when it would not go any father so good luck
this is a pretty good game. it has some cool fighting characters. all in all it's fun.
I really don't like this game play is too slow
my blutooth does not see it most times and most of my pc games that do see other's will not see this.
I thought this would be a much better mistake than the game on the PS3 I was wrong it's still bad.
The games came with the kit shattered that disappointment
What can I say, super boring game. Installed it, played for an hour.. uninstalled.
Kids love the game, I love the price
Very slow game, the graphics are ok, the weapons are bad
Broing game.  Not recomment to buy.  My nephew and niece play only once.
This game is another Colony of GTA . I was so disappointed with this it . I traded in to Amazon.
I hated this game played 5 mins and gave it to my niece. Kinda hard
love the game even in the age of the graphic we have..best of jet li...
This game was my 10 year old son's who is a Star Wars fanatic and he really didn't enjoy this game.
I'm only giving this one star because I didn't do my research and didn't know the game required internet connectivity...
A horrible letdown of a video game unrealistic weapons and jumpsuit armor.
This game is ALMOST just like real golf. If you like to play golf, you will love this game.
Pure Chess is a game ONLY for the highly intelligent and skilled chess players.
I love this game and its is probably one of the best games out there ever made
Love ALL Harvest Moons!  Fun game play for a grandma!
I like the graphics and story, but found the game a little child's play.  Wanted more fighting.
Imagine SquarEnix trying to do a Monster Hunter game.  Now make it really boring, slow, and chock full of tutorials.
If your a fan of gears of war, this game is for you. If not wait for a sale.
Great game, i have enjoyed all of the fire emblem games that i have played, and this one does not disappoint
nice game and it keeps you awake all the time and ready for action!! highly recommended! you must buy it!
Great game, excellent game play, perfect price.
This game is obsolete and no longer is playable due to not having any gaming servers available
Alucard is back and badder than ever...with awful voice acting to boot. No, it's a classic game.
far better games out there that don't cost as much.
My kids all has been enjoying the game from the time we got it. They have so much fun, thanks.
Its not great. Annoys me can't play 2 players in battle. Witch sucks. Makes the game boring. :(
goood game awful forced stealth mission tho be prepared.
As always, C&C does it again with another good game!
Gave as a gift and tried to play once.  Recipient said it's not his kind of game.  Have away
My daughter wanted this game and it turned out to not be what she expected. She was very disapointed by it.
What a masterpiece game! I love it first time experience
This is the best for gamers.  Keeps the controllers ready to go.  Must have!
Don't buy you have to pay monthly to play game waste of money
This was an ok game, but I just could not get in to this game and the way it plays.
having to change gear to harvest minerals? Too linear in its gaming theory. Not a terrible game just not my stuff.
This brought me back to my childhood. Awesome games!
this game is not worth buying your just wasting your money on it not worth all the hype the game was getting.
Great storage solution for the 3DS/DSLite games lying around!
Videogame arrived on time as described. My nephew is so happy with the videogame.
Garbage. Just got game in mail and already can't play. Day one and can't log in. Pretty bad.
The game play is stupid, The story is crap, all around a complete waste of time and money....
Terrible game. No goal, just racing.
To hard to move about.The booklet was hard to understand.Couldn't get the hang of this game at all.
The best grand theft auto game I ever played.  It's a masterpiece.
Grandsons love this game. They STILL play it. Price was right, secure packaging, and fast delivery.
My son likes this game so that's all I can say
Repetitive  gameplay mixed with a so so story will recommend  not to buy.
game is all about speeding and learning how to drive and not crash .different from a lot of X-box games with violent .
Great game for its time. Still awesome after all these years
My son loves Jurassic park so this game is a no brainer.
didnt play and i tried the game in 4 different systems....cant return...dont buy
Won't fit my game system. No problem returning.
One of the best action adventure platforming games in the SNES era.
Great game at a great price my 9 years daughter thinks this game is harder than the mario world series
Didn't work for my game console or tv.
this is one ugly , low graphic , boring game
the wii mote is hard to use when you play a shooter game you cant hit anything the motion does not respond to games
This is one of the top 10 best snes games in the world none can say different, best played with friends.
A true classic for the N64, this game is so addicting. The use of special moves is a plus.
This game is just like Super Mario and the only difference is you have less time to play on each bored.
My son has had loads of fun with this game
One of the best games I've played all year.
Paying to use a system and play games that you own is a sham. Total BS
Great game, not as great as bloodborne. It fills the void of bloodborne.
this game was commissioned by my friend for your child, the child enjoys it and looks like a real game.
Same  two game system for 20 years plus. Nintendo please quit pay walling the game.
i tried to hold back but this game is LITERALLY horrible clunky controls and all
The figure is great and the game has great graphics.
The greatest action game ever? Really? Sorry witch but you're not even close to Devil May Cry 1/3.
This game is one of them that brought SNES into fame, and now it was done again in Nintendo DS.
Dumbfounded by all the praise of gamers.  I hated it.  The combat is nothing special, and the plot is ludicrous.
Game not as advertised, this game should be recalled by the studio and everyone should receive full refunds.
Great game. Like it for PS4 a little more.
Love this game!  Nice game to kill boredom!
worse game ever for online game play  .do not waste your time on this horrible game
Great seller and Great game. I am satisfied with my purchase.
As of March 2017 this game is still trash. Capcom should have every known DLC for free.
I bought PS4 just for this game and it SUCKED!!! I should have bought XBOX ONE instead!
very bad game why because it is very hard to beat not many good features bad story line and bad caricatures
Received quickly!  Love this game!  Works as it should ....
It doesn't even play Xbox 360 games.....
Worst game ever!  This is for kids 3 and younger.
great game, the effects and graphics are amazing. good story line and worth the buy. good continuation from the last
no manual or code key. game useless.
I really enjoy this game, not sure what all the negativity is about...
I just purchased this game and it would not load on my computer.  Very frustrating.
This amiibo is a great use for games for Nintendo Switch, Nintendo Wii U, and the New Nintendo 3DS.
the worlds of mortal kombat and the denizons of the DC universe come together in a knockdown dragout brawl in this awesome game
I would buy this game it has Vince Carter on the Nets the Dunk Contest in this is better than Live 2005
My kid and I weren't able to enjoy the game. It was hard to play and we lost interest right away.
A great family game. We play it every other day.
It's the same game I knew and loved, but it has extra content in the form of extra quests.
This game certainly lived up to its hype as far as I'm concerned.
Awesome!!! riot games selling riots points on amazon :D Yass
One of the most addicting games I have ever played.
This  is a very exciting game and great successor to . Legend of Zelda ocarina  of time would buy a Zelda game again.
eh ok little game dose not really hold up well
Great Zelda game for the 3DS! And I have every Zelda game for every system since the NES. I'm credible.
sorry to say I really did not like this game
Great game. Didn't play much of it, but it definitely won me over.
Worst and most boring game I have ever played. Worth $20 on a good day.
Stupid game! Very boring and not much to do in it. Don't waste your money.
I've spent many an hour playing this great game. Highly recommend to casino slot lovers! Wonderful graphics
i love thisgame i recommend if u are fa from AC just buy it
Soooooo many changes made and every one of them ruins the game.
Cant register the game brcause it came with out a key code. would have loved to play this game .
One of the WORST games I have ever played!
A fantastic entry into the Assassins Creed story. The multiplayer aspect of the game adds a whole new exciting level
Awesome game. Good story and even better multiplayer. Wish it had come out for Xbox One first.
good alternative when you have to pay for game time.
Love this game and it came with extras :)
I am very into the GTA games. I almost have all of them.
Kids (7 and 6) love playing this game.
One of the best game I ever played before!!! Love it
you like games take my word for it all of sony is junk.buy a x box or gamecube
Maybe its just user error but I did not enjoy this game.
Works perfectly.  No issues regarding function, compatibility with games, etc. whatsoever over the course of a year.
overrrrratedthis game looks like pee on the coveri won't play it no way
Fun game to play if you wanna murder people.
remake of a game that holds a place in the gaming hall of fame must have for all sonic fans
Worst game I have ever played. The controls are terrible and unresponsive. I do not recommend this game.
This is the best version of NG2 & one of my fav games
Lame game to me. Many love it, i cant get into it.
This memory unit works fine and the size is enough for baking up many saving games.
Final Fantasy XII was too big for its britches, this game is how RPG's should be!!!
nope it froze and it doesn't work.took it to a shop and turns out game is a fake.
Great game to play from a great series.
This game wasn't to good I thought it was going to be really good but it wasnt
What was considered one of the best FPS games is now a COD clone.... Tragic
the graphics is pretty good on this game, but the game play sucks. it's not worth your money.
This was exactly what I needed to save space and to have the ability to carry more than one game.
I cancelled my preorder when i discovered that this game is censored.
Dull gameplay, derivative characters, unimaginative story.
If you love Final Fantasy VII you will enjoy this game! This is a must have for fans of the series!!
Never ending opportunity in this game to keep at it. So far this game has been entertaining and is fun to play.
Just 5 online rally cross tracks online, no online stages, no replay valueWorst multiplayer game ever
this game is one of the best rpg's for the ps 2
A Very long time to install for only 30 minutes game time.
Really good game.  Soul Cali Tourneys with your friends!!
Not a good game. Mafia 1 was excellent the sequel not even worth picking up. Story is no good.
The best game ever made by the best development studio in the world.
The game did not work! I was upset.
Maybe my graphic card was not good enough. I found this game to be very poor compared to Chessmaster programs
Pretty great game. Nice storyline. Ordering from Amazon.com is easy and delivery is great.
Don't waste your money. Boring, trivial pursuit in a Mario game
this was a real let down compared to the pc version. it seemed very limited, especially for an xbox one game.
Boring, repetitive fightmodes.  Meh freeplay.  It's a kid's game, nothing more.
It's ok. Video games have come a long way since this version.
The game won't load during the hermes chase.
Not much to say about this product. Plug into P S P Vita and it was detected and store games.
Honestly don't know what to say, I tried my hardest to play the through game but I just couldn't
Kids love this game so I love this game
Super fun, can't stop laughing long enough to complete the courses correctly. just a fun game.
Reliving PS2 memories. I'm glad that I was able to play these games again.
My son loves playing and building this lego game.
Beyond The Sword just brings more life to an already excellent strategy/simulation game! Really liked the enhancements in the game!
God this game was such a disappointment. The player base is basically non-existent now.
Great game. You really cant go wrong with the Mega Man franchise.
my grandson & I just love this game. We highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys flying or WW2 games.
This game also worked and I am pleased with it.
These things are crap.  Great for gamer kids only as these mice are VERY small in your palm.
Very limited buttons and no yaw.  Not fun to use at all in fully loaded air game.
This game is slow boring and dosen't play smooth.
Online content not supported anymore and lack luster game. Good shopping great price. Eh game.
This game maybe fine for experts but it's a waste of money for intermediates.
I have no idea about the game.  The disc was DOA
I loved this game on the PS3 and I just had to get it again for the PS4.
My 7 year old son loves this game!
I love this game because I can sit back and enjoy it.  If you love farming sim's then this is your game
awesome, works as it should! The last truly great halo game.
Don't waste your money , this game its not windows 10 supported and controller doesn't work.
A pretty fun game! Nostalgia for the win!
For me is an excelent game thanks for your recomendation is very practical and funny and very interesting for all people
my friend loved this game when i got it for him he played it non stop for days
Great game, full of great videos as well as the voices in it.
Game had bad gameplay, terrible mechanics, and the game gave me a head ache with the graphics.
Great game,worth every penny,excellent story,astonishing graphics,nice music,a must have for your collection.
This game would have been alot better with Multiplayer. But having no Multiplayer makes the game become a low score.
Choosing good or evil doesnt change the fact that this is just another sandbox game
The worst fifa ever. Passing sux, gameplay sux everything about this game sux
game did not come with a 2nd disc and a key code but I got a refund with no problem.
I got this game for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it.
Played it twice. Being an online ruins this game.
Great accessory to go along with game pad and controller!
So far I can't get the game sounds into the headset... only other mic users.
This is an excelent game.a couple of unlockablesgreat graphicsgreat gameplayi love ityou should buy it
I would enjoy this game a lot more if they didn't force me to watch every single LONG a** cut-scene.
Great game. The manual needs to be better, but overall, it's a fun game.
Do not play this game, it is terrible!
This game is so so, not too impressed
Too hard to control my motorcycles. I hate this game.
This game lacks a lot! It is just a cheap knock off of Splinter Cell...
Pretty fun game. It more people you have in your squad the more fun it gets,
Just like evey other call of duty game, this game is great. One can play this game endlessly without getting bored.
PS4 Exclusive Game.  Every gamer should have this.
Excellent game!  I have MH4 on my 3DS, but its great to play on the big screen in 1080P.
Stupid stupid stupid game. Maybe an 8 year old would be impressed, but no.
Fun game but there are newer games in the series out that are better.
This Capcom classic games I try didn't work right I vote no to this games until I get it replaced
One of the most under-rated Batman games ever made!
Didnt work on my snes, but did work for a gamecube.
The person that ordered the game disliked it.
this is an awesome game, even if you don't play the levels thier is still a ton to do
the play areas for battles were very smalland not ur typical stratagy game units always respawnGOOD TUTORIAL WALK THROUGH
Great game in the series, came earlier than expected
Been trying to find this for a while. Love the game.
Great game, definitely a fun romp worth the price
this was the worst game ever, we get this type of quality in the free games on live!
This game is bayonetta + mortal kombat!!
I hated this game nothing like call of duty or medal of honor. I played for 10 minutes and quit
My husband loves this game. It is pretty fun to watch too.
I didn't really like this game, I really hate the fast zombies and the night hunter things.
This game is just sad. I played the first area and got bored. Its just not fun.
Too much crap to get through before you get to do any gaming. A boring game.
This is a great game, nice edition and figure, great detail and colors.
To be honest, this game was kind of boring and the graphics weren't that good.
This game is a joke! Don't waste your money.
Works fine and replaces a game the grand kid lost tank you and God bless
Though I am a fan of Professor Layton and Phoenix Wright as separate series, I found this game more tedious than enjoyable.
I definitely like this game. If you seen descent, than you like this game.
darn game shuts my computer down every time i play it
These thumb stick pads will not stay on when the game action is intense.  They look great.
I was not expecting to get this game in German...
Returned; exactly like the "Rockstar" video game.
Could not get this  game to work on Windows 10
I loved this game and was glad I found both the original and Age of Empire 2. I enjoy the strategy in them
at last !! something worthwhile. There are so so games for ps4 but this has lots of potential.
This game is great for anyone that is a Halo fan
Don't believe all the naysayers, i've been a gamer for many years and this game was great.
This game was rather hard to navigate through which made us lose interest quickly and now it is collecting dust....
Average graphics, slow gameplay, insanely shallow dialogue, and cheesy music. Need I say more?
PS3 version. The kids love this game.
Delivered on time. Great game for children.
This game started out interesting but quickly became too demanding.
Great game, not sure it's better than FH2 but it's on par.
I was very disappointed the last game was one of my favorites
Returned it before opening after reading the reviews, and ratings for this game.
I love this game and play it alot.  It was easy to start and just perfect for me.  Thank you.
get it from gog.com instead. drm free and bonus goodies like soundtrack and graphics. what a great game from the 2000
no words to describe how much I love this game
Great game, many hilarious moments.several new things to play with in the series,lot of re-playability and the story is quite fun.
Only holds 3 games but it's a lot nicer quality than other cases and isn't harsh on the 3DS XL.
Awesome pirate game, a must have! You'll have fun for countless hours.
Do not purchase this game. It's nothing but junk.
This should be sold as BETA and not a full game! Very Disappointed!
Great game! First time playing it and it's great! Very open and great graphics!
This game is nothing but different dumb bejeweled games. I would not order again if I knew what it was.
Buy this game if you own a ps4 period. .
Must play online,  Buy the game then you have to pay to play it.
This is a great game all the way! loved it as a kid and still love it to this day.
Average graphics, slow gameplay, insanely shallow dialogue, and cheesy music. Need I say more?
awesome game, lots of action and good story twists
Extremely fun game if you like karaoke! Makes you feel like a rock star!
The submission system is a complete joke very irritating and ruin the game for me
Just next part with a very slow engine, unrealistic colors, poor design and absolutely boring gameplay
Great for playing classic games, platformers, or games like Smash Bros.
My game is not working. Playstation is making a loud whirring noise and the screen is frozen
Absolutely loved this game!  Amazing story and fun gameplay.
Nothing great. Yet another Valve game that seems to be well behind other games of the same category.
A great racing game For nes im pretty sure that mario karts power ups originated from this game...awesome
Amazing game, they only downside is the online battle mode....
Disappointed. You need a large amount of space on your Xbox hard drive to download the game
Great case, No scratches, and all the manuals. My money has never been spent better. I love this game!
Great game, big fun, went to fast!
Not for you, if you want the latest and greatest in terms of looks. Very well balanced game, awesome cinematics.
haven't play for long time and love this game as enjoy play. it good play game I guess well alright
this says it's for the 360 but the game I received was formatted only to play on the original xbox
I thought I might like this game, but I don't.
Its God of War and its great that they finally put 2 games on the same disk! One less disk laying around!
Fun and very good game over all. If you like the old school arcade Blitz games then your will love this one!
came with a damaged game case, and it's dirty. Returned.
Now my battery does not fall out while I am playing my games or watching my movies in the car or just around.
love this,  ps3 and this game too...
The controls are terrible!!! I don't know how anybody likes this game!! Graphics are crappy as well.
Not the best game you gott a have a pretty much powerhouse computer to play it without lag
because there was no controller and no games and they were advertised.
When i ordered this game it should come Mature 17+ not britch
It was a fantastic game.I enjoyed playing with my friends.It was full of variety of games.you will like it.
My Grandson loved this game.  It arrived before it was due.  Thank you.  Great job.
my blutooth does not see it most times and most of my pc games that do see other's will not see this.
Ambitious game, but poor execution. It tries to do a lot of things unfortunately none of them well.
not a very good game not much fun at all
Case is no good don't waste ur money is so thick you could barely push the buttons to play your game
Broken. Really nothing more can be said about this game.
Does everything it claims.  Should have been included with the Wii U gamepad out of the box.
This game was a lot of fun, no major complaints.  Very good rpg that will grip you until you beat it.
Outdated racing gamein about an Hour and a half I beat the 3 tracks with the 5 cars in the game
Released with an insane amount of bugs, shameful really. Avoid this game at all costs.
Advertised as new.. and not... saved games found in the game.. really not cool
This game had a lot of potential, but it's such s***..
thiis is a great game to play the whole family plays it some day we will beat it maybe but love it
this game was not fun at all.i wanted more shooter type gaming. i am sorrynot happy for what I paid for.
Great sculpt... but not enough functionality in Nintendo games across all systems.
If you like shooting games this is great.Excelente si te gusta disparar este es el indicado
Well packaged arrived on time and was as described. Really fun and awesome resident evil game.
I ended up having to get games digitally. Disappointing.
The boys love the Smash Brothers Brawl!  Got it for them to enjoy on the Wii and they love the game.
I just didn't like this game much maybe because it's was a old game period.
Cannot load this game in my hp Vista professional program.
When the game arrived, the activation code was misprinted and too short, so I couldn't play it.
I love that the game was challenge fun too play  and I was quiet blast to play plus seen game from Internet
one player only,very boring! i don't know anyone that likes this game!!
If looking for a great fps game buy this one, doom is amazing game cant wait for the sequel
Could not get it to work on my PC. I do love the CoD games.
Very short game. Definitely not worth of the money spent. Wouldn't recommend it for anyone
Horrible, EA destroyed the Battlefront series. All this game has going for them is the graphics and sound design.
if you like mobs games then play this one  but must play  mafia 1 first to understand the story on this games
these are game breaking.  broken game deserves 0 star.1>very very very bad control2>tiny ant size font.
You've got to rent,it's the only way to protectyourself from stupid games...And this is oneof them.
One of the best open world games i've ever played
A lot of content for a good price. Decently fun games, in that chill, Harvest-Moon-ish way.
One of my favorite games as a kid as I was growing up!  Love it!
game keeps freezing the case was cracked. That was just horrible  man .That was a waste of my time and money
This game is good but the only problem is that it got easier and easier as the series went on.
Good game, one of my favorite classics.
I didn't care too much for this Res Evil game. I prefer RE6
This is not a good game. Its fun for a little bit,but then gets boring.
Another lousey boring basketball game. where do they come up with these games. this game was stupid.
I liked this whole series of games developed by this Company for PlayStation 2 and bought them all.
total waste of money does not make the game any more fun just an exuse to push more sony product
Can't believe that this game plays so well on the Vita.
I really liked this game. I didbt want to stop so I lost a lot of sleep but worth it
Great game, nintendo knows how to engage people... its a very fun game to play!!
Product doesnt work. game fails to load upon entering houses.
horrible multiplayer game.  the camera is terrible.
A classic and a pretty good game. A great buy!
Awesome game. Definitely worth getting if you're into flight/combat games.
I love this game because now I have even smarter sims. Thanks alot
I expected more, being a fan of far cry I was dissapointed with game play.
ea doesn't support the game the servers are down
Fun and funny game. Nice music and story line
Works great and did not have to set it up. Having a lot more fun with my racing games.
I ordered this game and got destroy all humans for the PS2?!?
Online play ONLY, you must have xbox gold or the game is essentially a paperweight
Fantastic team game.  Just like Team Fortress 2, without the hats.  Cart pushing, Point capturing, etc.
horrible game that's all their is to be said
Wish I had watched youtube before buying this game. Lesson learned.
This game had too much jumping around and no real gaming in my opinion , i was expecting more but found it boring.
great game not too difficult but take some time to play
I love rhythm games and this is better than the first one.
The most fun I've had playing a game in a while!
Fun game to play on the Wii when friends are over.
Got a new PC looking forward to playing this game. Disappointing that it won't work on windows 8. This sucks !
Best game and i got it at a great price
This game stinks, why would a company want to publish a crappy game like this?  a total waste of money.
game is great and as always no scratches delivered on time no problem good deal ok i have said enough back to gaming lol
playstation always has the worst games they have no standerds for games