I have not yet opened the games  but big fish never disappointed me!!.
DO NOT buy this game it freezes chapter 5 every time unplayable
fun game. i kinda prefer it over gta
state of emergency - PS2 games get worse and worse. it is only fun for the first 15 minutes or so, then you can just throw it away or burn it on the camp fire.
I got this thinking it would cure my Sim City burn out from previous versions. It didn't. It's still a decent kids game.
Had this before and couldn't find it to save my life. Glad amazon had it at such a great price! Excellent game with a good deal of variety.
I give you 2 stars for a reason because this game is really fun but you gave bootleg copy the game broke my wii!!!
Played early beta, was fun. Then they opened it up, too many people. Too much lag. This game STILL (1/19) sucks, save your money for World Of Warcraft.
One of the best games I've ever played for the Ps Vita
Do Not Buy This Game. Total Disappointment. Alien is so Awesome, but every game they make about it sucks! I give up
This game got more repeat plays than other games for our six year old.  It is fun and challenging for her.
played this game for hours on the xbox 360. nice to be able to take it on the road. got a couple copies to play adhoc.
this game was too complicated for me to get working on my computer.  There is too much stuff I need to download and I don't think its compatible with my computer.
Kids love it! It's a very enjoyable game!
I wish I could return this game. bad graphics, and no real goal or direction.. SAVE your time and money!
I have no doubt that I will enjoy this game when I get it on sale; 50 bucks for a 3ds game is not worth it -_-
The other games were better in the series.
Didn't do as the produce intended. Couldn't open up any of the NES games with it. Do not recommend.
THis is the worst game in the franchise i ever plated, new nightmare on pc was way better, first of all the graphics are terable and the controls are clunky
Could not fully install the game much less play it the install would only go so far then hang and stop.
Great game!! It's kinda like advanced wars with RPG style gameplay.
This version of 5th Grader is awful.  The game is boring.  The questions are dumb.  I wouldn't recommend this one.
This game is aweso am unlike WWII tgat can't even connect or get me online this one is absolutely smooth and lag free the game play is amazing and it's well worth the money
The controlls are terrible and confusing. Just more frustrating then fun. I do not recomend this game for children with a temper because I almost threw the wii remote.
entered this code on playstation redeem section and i didn't give me the game thanks now i am out $20 i could of used on BDO
I purchased this game for my daughter and she seemed to love it. I played it a little myself and enjoyed it.
he is a big online gamer and he loves his new controller. it was an off handed gift, just a guess and it turned out to be something he really likes and enjoys.
The most boring game Nintendo has ever made. Perfect example of how amiibo can ruin nintendos creativity
I play this game but I want to buy it but is a little expensive No Dis-Respect but if is the right price I'll buy it...
Didnot order the game and I will not. Had enough of the customer service problems with wow.  Some people never learn.  Hay, don't forget to preorder the panda game next :P
My son loves this game, buying it from Amazon was cheaper at the time than any other retail outlet.
The person that ordered the game disliked it.
I ordered an Xbox version of the game and a PS2 version of it showed up
No one can deny that mario kart is an everlasting fun game. Any console would enjoy having this game on their roster
Absolutely loved this game..  and it was a blast to drive around San Francisco bay area.
Has more freezes than I have ever seen in a video game. Conceptually the game looks great but the slow loading, freezes, and lackluster graphics ruin the experience.This found the trash heap.
The single player campaign is WAAAAAAAY to short. Not everyone can afford a high speed internet connection. The single player campaign should be AS important as the online game. SHAME  on the devlopers!
Fantastic game!!!! Definitely an improvement from Unity. If you love assassins creed you will love this is a must buy.
I love this game! It is funny and a fun way to lose track of time! Tactics fans already know they'll have a great time with Disgaea and this will be no exception.
Kids love the game, I love the price
Love this product. The different color schemes are amazing! Play with this controller while playing our favorite game in the dark and enjoy the show.
I understand they tried but i just couldn't get through the game. the controls were a little iffy and the story didn't really hook me.
kinda works. It doesn't seem to fit that well into the gamepad so it ends up disconnecting a lot. Still can charge it though if you don't touch it.
Preschool game, nothing like the Mario or Wii Party games. The two amiibos are only useful if playing only two players. Most of the other games do not recognize these amiibos.
I don't know if there's something wrong with my eyes but I thought this was a really creepy game about pig torture or something.
The final case was mind-blowing. The ride up to the final case was also quite enjoyable.Godot's theme alone makes this game feel really classy.
like Mario of old this guy keeps the game interesting.lots of stuff to keep you on your toes a pleasure to play.
Great game. It looks really good.  Has a lot of new things you wished previous versions had
I cant wait for Christmas morning to play with the kids.  They are going to love this game.
A good strategy game with nice graphics and three different nations. Love the upgrades with the weapons and house. Very addictive!
Don't waste your money , this game its not windows 10 supported and controller doesn't work.
This game is AWESOME! The graphics are STELLAR!But . . . come on! We finished this game in 2 days. Kinda short.
one of the best in the series. it was the game that started the games you know now. 10/10
This game alittle to hard for me, passed it to younger teen. Was shipped here fast, great ideal but, to hard to move from room to room!
exc purchase, my brother loves it. It works perfect with my brother's game. Good price for a good product. Like it
A good game keeps the interesting adventure. Plus new maps made from the original one. To conclude would recommend if you are a fan of pokemon.
Just hated it not anything more to say about then that .  Why bother to. Make such a bad game I don't know .
I played for a bit, but the game got repetitive and downright frustrating after a while. It wasted some time, but I would not recommend this game.
It's a clunky game, no way to organize your decks or add new cards to it
They released an unfinished game and refuse to update it anymore. It's not really that fun either.
My grandsons like this game a lot.  I haven't had time to play it yet, but they say they like it.
I can't believe how much better our games look with this cord, it is very noticable. Highly recommend this cord.
My 5 year olds are addicted!  It's easy for them to operate and play.  I don't know if that is a great thing for parenting, but the game is a lot of fun.
Do not care for animations. threw the game into the trash. No worth my time making recommended comments, thats all.
This bundle is a lie it never even came with the games!
Not scary at all, Resident Evil is still King. Clumsy game mechanical engineering, too slow of a pace. but to be fair the graphics are pretty good.
The Journey never began. Frustrated. The game do not work on windows 8 systems? Now, In this age where do I get one old system.
i didn't get into this game like others. It seems way outdated and not up to todays standards in any department. I would rather have bought something else
It's good once. Not as much fun as the original and gets very tedious to play. Seemed like game was more luck than skill.
One of the greatest games ever. I highly recommend it.
Far Cry 4 -Great Game,beautiful next gen,the gaming is awesome and with the best quality of features,if you are a gamer want a great story and full of adventure,great plot and lots of action,get this game.
This game is absolutely unplayable, the frame rate sooo bad, the game itself crash, waste of money!!  Worst frame rate, lots of bugs, unplayable!!
The game is a very slow. My 4 year old granddaughter gets really upset because the arrow moves so slowly. I guess that what you get when you buy a playstation game
It's so bad it's funny, and that's worth an extra star. As a game, however, don't buy it. No, really, don't buy it. Please.
So many memories i just love this game.
I Hate It.Don't buy this game or the premium, save your money! I was a battlefield fan, but no just no this is sad!
my little girl loves this game it is great, she loves he pink ds it is great thank you very much
my son was not able to play this cuz it was hard and that sucks i think they should makes games for kids with special needs to play on these system
It arrived fairly quick and both the game case and game disc are in great shape. It started right up and plays perfectly.
I rarely use them. It's not a game changer the least bit
She really loved it, but like any game, the better you become, the 'more bored you become with the game. But she really loved it fr awhile!
People always complaining about origin and crashes, but I've never had any problem with this game. Best fps game I've ever played, you can never get bored of it.. 10/10
Teenaged gamer son loves these, so ..yeah..  good stuff..
this game looks like it would be cool. could not get into it. the girl is not very pretty and does not move very well. no jiggle. never finished.
To be fair this probality is a good game I just found it hard to play . i couldn't finish it.
My kids really like the lego games, and this is no exception.  They are always cracking up at the cut scenes and they play this for hours if you let them.  Great fun.
great game took alot of time  had alot of fun
Graphics are good, gameplay sucks!! not enough moves or characters!!! Dont waste your money!!! Gameplay is way to easy!! i beat story mode in a weekend!!
A huge favorite if my husband's! Hasn't bought another game since he got this!!
No coop campaign on either game. What the s***, only reason I bought it was for coop with remaster...
stealth games in First person ??? LOL no way
its a very cool stealth gamegreat graphicsgreat gameplaytons of achievementsgreat musiccool animationI recommend it
Not a fan of this particular release.  Quickly got bored with the content, although others who enjoy car games may like it more.
I like so much this game. The game is how a old's Metroid style with graphics from this generation game. This game is very exciting
Game came broken.  Looked like a bad print.  Xbox One did not recognize the game.  Amazon promptly exchanged it.  I am kinda disappointed because I wanted to play it.
The very beginning of the game frustrated me so much I never played it a 2nd time.
This is one of the best video games ever. I really like the figure that came with the game as well as the black flag
We all waited years,YEARS, for this game to finally come out and now that it has, I can gladly said it was all worth the wait...
it works easy to install and love this epic game hope they make a third one
this game it basically like the one for ps3 real fun and the graphics are great and its real fun when you get to play with the touch screen A+++++
While the game was good with great mechanics, I love the first and second better
Great. But now unavailable on Amazon as well as every blockbuster playstation exclusive, forcing me to use best buys gamer club which is even a better much cheaper deal than prime!!!
Waited until bugs were fixed and was rewarded by another world-class AC title. Gameplay is great, combat is more challenging until later in the game.  Graphics are beautiful and running around Paris is amazing.
bought this controller for my girlfriend who wanted to start playing games. theres not much to say about it, its just a ps3 controller....in pink.
Third person from afar. You see no action .Reminds me of games older than it is.
The product arrived as expected. My low rating is relevant to the game itself...IT SUCKS !
Worst Call of Duty ever. Play literally any other FPS game instead. Stop developing games Infinity Ward! Thanks in advance.
Very fun game if your in to stuff like Dark Souls. It's a bit easier but still pretty awesome!
They just don't make games like they used to.  These shine even after so long.
This game was great on PS3. I still believe it's one of the best horror/survival games ever. Glad I purchased it.
This really isn't a part of the Final Fantasy series.  It's just labeled as such so it would sell better here in the US.  And yes... you can really jump in this game...
AWESOME game just wish i had not waited so long to buy it.
I bought this for my fiance, she left me and I haven't seen her since.  That's the last time I buy a game for my girlfriend.
Meh.  Not a completely terrible game, but still terrible.  Imagine Witcher except with terrible controls and voice acting.
Great game and packaging. You cant have a Wii U and not having this game.
i love to store my games in it it make it alot easier to reach your games its great case
Terrible as have the last 4 or 5 madden games have been. No longer do I wish to buy madden any longer
Kind of boring compared to other action games.
If only all games offered this kind of value! Fun game with all kinds of extras. This game is a keeper, I won't be trading it in on another game, too much re-playability.
Great idea... Opening scene is awesome but game is very hard confusing and difficult to play not as fun or as cool as i expected only hard core trekkies will really enjoy this game.
I love seek and find games. This is a great game. Would definitely recommend. Its a good challenge for anyone.
Got it for my gamecube and it worked really wellI have no complaints
Great game . Lots of different ways to play . Your nothing forced to go against all the career gamers in the cruicible to get the best weapons.
An excellent puzzle game really made me think.
Games runs terrible on Windows 7; Now I can't uninstall the game and is causing my computer to run really slow.
Have about 2 days worth of time in the game. So far its a great game with only a few glitches getting stuck underneath decks or getting stuck inside a wall/roof.
Still love this game. Happy to find it. Didn't have a code to play but was able to google search and get a code that would allow me to download the software.
Very difficult to install and difficult to remove. grabs onto game slot cover, almost broke game slot cover when removing, and you have to remove grip to swap games. Returned to vendor
Feels like a mobile game - collect, upgrade, repeat.
By far the best game you could get for a young girl, Niece was happy to get this game, she plays it all the time.
Lots of fun and WHAT A WORKOUT!I burned a of of calories laying this game and it is a great party starter or saver.Got Kinect?Get this game!
I bought this game for my sister as she has always been a big fan of Inuyasha. It arrived in good condition and plays without any problems.
That's all I can really say. No where near as good as the previous games. I was disappointed.
Product was in great condition. Was not a very fun game.
This game was very good. The first 3D megaman game to be released.
Great Controller to use with any computer to play games of to use with Raspberry Pi Retroarch.
They don't tell you that the game will not play on a MAC, EVEN if the disc says its compatible.
THIS GAME IS NOT OPTIMIZED FOR THE PS4- MAJOR FRAME RATE ISSUES- Your saved games will get deleted- Error messages and crashes- the game lags way too much past the cold war
My 5 year old loves him some sonic, he saved up and ordered this game with his money. He tells me it is awesome daily and is glued to this game.
The item lets the ps2 controller function properly, with the convenience of playing, fast forwarding and skipping : games, movies and music.
Great game have it on PS3 to but didn't get the promotion that came with it tho
Everyone is right about this game. It does get boring quick. The graphics are ouystanding, but thats about it.
It's like an unoptimized and highly monotonous Grand Theft Auto. I felt like I was doing the same exact thing for the first 4 hours I was playing the game; and it wasn't fun.
This is literally the most boring video game I have ever played in my life.  Not trying to troll here, just being honest
a short playing game,  would not let me play again , I enjoy  a game that makes you think  what do I do next.
this game is just ok.. I played it for about an hour or so hoping it would get better but to say it in short.. it is gone
Flat out awful game!No story lineBad graphicsYou want a real RPG go play Final Fantasy!
I never played this game I brought it for my child so once she plays it I will leave feed back at a later date.
Pi$$ed off that the instructions were in Spanish. Who do they hire to seperate the games by country, and or territory?
I bought these Microsoft Points to be able to buy a game on the Microsoft Game Store/Market Place! Microsoft Points are awesome!
Great game from my childhood, thank you :)
Sucks. The game was cracked when I got it.
Its very difficult to control this game. Don't be cheap and buy the newer Madden for Wii. Its much better to control.
deadzone is huuuge, makes it hard to use it for any game.
Started out good, but game got boring real fast.
this is weak compared to other games, and really is not the kind that I play regularly anyway.
Amazing God of War game, spetacular graphics, characters and story, this is a must buy, a highly recommended game !!!
Love this , this is one of my favorite games
Why does Madden continue to pump out crap games... this will be the last Madden i ever buy
Grapple is a joke to use.  Half the game is based on playing on the stupid train.  It's very short, it's very very very very repetitive.  Don't buy it.
Ok if your into slow games with alot to do found it extremely boring
Purchased this amiibo with box and he is a wonderful edition to my super smash team and fire emblem game.
Game arrived in a orderly fashion. The game cart was in great condition.  Popped the game pack into my 3ds and it worked right away.  No issues.  Thank you.
This game was just filled with meaningless things to do until you reach the end.Poor graphics, poor storyline, poor voice acting, I honestly don't get what people like about this game.
Great game, came early and no signs of use.
NEVER a DIABLO game if you are a botter or hacker this game was made for you and if so Auction House flipping will be a must for you too
Great game to all batman saga games. To complete the collection.
Great game!  Hard to stop playing. Will play again, at a later date.Would recommend it to any hidden object players.
I did NOT understand this game at all!!!  i'm sure that kids all over understand this game perfectly!!  it just confused me!!
It's one of the best games I've ever played!
Just was boring. Graphics were awful. Really tried getting into it, but the crap graphics and confusing gameplay were too much and I returned it :(
its mario 3, whats there to say? this game is AWESOME. and of course i would recommend it, ITS MARIO 3!!!!
Boring! Its the same thing over and over again and some parts you cant play until you complete other parts. Its no free roam on this game.
defective after a week of use, little to no games on eshop.
Good game. like the new stuff. If you thinking about getting it then get it. You will be happy with your purchase.
not a good nor fun game, controls suck, graphics poor, don't ever get ps2 games that are also varieties with ps3 and xbox 360 versions
My PC is 2x stronger than the requirements it's asking for but yet this game still manage to lag. Buys beware, do not buy this product for PC.
Everything as described,  game plays great. Amazing part of the mana series!
I do not like anything about this game. It is not working good for win7 even though it says it will work. I hate everthing about this game.
Very fun game. Fairly different than the old game but good different.
Never received the code, ended up getting another from a friend, but the game is alright. It's definitely a "wait until it's cheaper game" as it gets boring fast.
this game has the best campaign that i have ever played!! the graphics are great and the storyline is amazing this is a must have for any ps3 owner you won't regret buying it!
Works very well on my 55" flat screen when I'm playing Gamecube games on the Wii I ordered to play older games!
A little disappointed. Wasn't what I thought it would be. I thought it would be more like the sport or sport resort. Not a bad game but more for a beginner.
i got this game for my brother. so he can enjoy it.
I guess I am not one for timed, story line hidden object games. Gave up on this one. I play games to relax not stress out
Why nintendo hasn't made a sequel to this excellent game is beyond me.
I Love this game i love the gore i love the violence but whut i don't like is that is the fact it is not open world but i don't really care
This game seems exciting and my son is having a ball at playing it. I also like watching him play it. Thank you!
going though the jungle to get friends out but have to fight to do it. play the game to find out more
I love this game, seriously my favorite Wii game. Only sad thing is the online service is down.
After finally getting the game to run under Windows 7, I was rather surprised to complete the entire game in about 10 hours.
It's a standard pokemon game...  You know it's going to be good.
Wow, probably the coolest computer game ive played yet. Great gamplay, graphics, and speed. My only con is that they haven't continued making them to fit the new windows.
My slut gf replays the blowjob mission now I hate this game lol
This game is obsolete and no longer is playable due to not having any gaming servers available
sister was play game for like a week and I watched but then told her to play candy crush so she leave and I get to play and it too hard play maybe impossible so I deleted game
Great game and it will play up to 4 Player. This one use the 4 player expansion and plays great for kids from six to sixty.
We love these games. I order thru Amazon,then Sony Computer Entertainment sent me my games. They were packaged so they did not get damaged. Great.... Thank you Amazon and Sony ...
This is great, the graphics in the PSVITA and the concept of the game is amazing! If you want a real good game for the PS VITA this is the ideal!
This game is awesome. One of the best crossover game from Nintendo. When you played the game, its fun. I can see why the price remains the same at gamestop.
The game is brilliant. I have loved the series since the original so many years ago, and this does a really good job of tying the two series timelines together.
what can i say, it is a great game that i got a great price form a great seller. shiped ontime and in one peice. No problems at all. recomented to all.
Not as fun as if you play it with a guitar on a video game system. My daughter liked it ok but prefers to play it on the wii.
They flash what I am guessing is the story so fast that you can't read it. The games are okay, but it did not live up to the description.
Beautiful design. Personally, I think it looks better with black gamepads.
I thought that this game was supposed to be about bowling, as the man on the cover clearly has a bowling ball in his hand. When will game companies learn to make proper cover artwork?
I have tried playing all the metal gear games and just couldn't get into the gameplay, just wasn't for me and the way i like to play.
I never play a FPS on 3DS before so this is a nice change of pace. It's well made, and the gameplay is smooth. I had fun playing this game.
Fair price for a GH PS3 game. Fun game for those that enjoy platformer, shoot 'em up, adventure, action games
I've got no complaints!  The game downloads, installs and plays just fine!Gameplay wise, I love it!  :D
This is a great game for kids and adults to enjoy spending time together and having fun. Easy to play game.
My kids really enjoy to play this game and it had a good price to buy. The play a lot.
Absolutely fell in love with this game it totally freaked me out like it was supposed to and it was totally
I can't say much about this game I had a hard time getting the game going. So I uninstalled the game. Sorry!
Limited song content and extremely expensive to upgrade library.  Still a fun family game but be ready to spend extra money the day you take the game out of the box.
Hard to follow, I stop playing this game. I got bored, Ill go back to it so time in the future I guess
This game is horrible. This is why the wii u is dying. This game is straight dumpster drippings.
I wasn't really impressed here. The gameplay is repetitive and monotonous. Story lines don't keep things moving forward and don't contribute to the Star Wars universe in any way worthwhile.
This game is a true dragon and human loyality pair. The story is outstanding.  I would recommend this to any game buff especially those for who have a love for dragons.
Finally got my hands on this clunky classic. Most of the gameplay mechanics from Red Dead Redemptions is embedded in this game. I was absolutely impressed how much it holds up.
The usual fun Mario/Luigi game.  Hours of entertainment.
Excellent game!! Beautiful soundtrack as well.
Keeping this simple. Absolutely a fantastic game.
This game sucks because the graphic are cheesy, the controls layout is bad, and many glitches.. .. .. .. ..
There is no problem with this item and I love so much this game is wonderfull it has good graphics definition, the best game in the world
amazing game. dark and fun with a great story
This game gets lost in its own technology.  It's almost as if the game was created to befuddle rather than entertain.  I've played all of he BATTLEFIELD games and this one is truly disappointing.
Excellent game!  Actually beyond expectations.  Good story...many hours of play
Very sturdy and thick for the price, very good quality and a must have for all gamers.
This game has a massive world to roam around in. Within the first 10 minutes of game play I went from diving out of a helicopter to slamming an airliner into a harbor crane!
If you like confusing puzzles and weird characters this is the game for you, but if you want fun and mario characters this isn't the game for youIT SUCKS!!!!
This product was highly anticipated and I have several friends who bought it so we could play together.  However, now we have to not play because Blizzard can't release a game to save their life.
I had loser my old one and when I got this one, I was excited again to play all my old games! Worked amazingly and was just like old times.
Didn't care for this game. It was just individual  trial games. It had no story line to follow like some of the others do.
Best pokmon game !! I play this everyday and its just amazing dude. Even if you have sun or moon, you'll be amazed with the graphics and things you can do.
Its OK, but I like games like watch dogs while your on a mission but not always driving.
Simple game, great for kids or for a relaxing word game. Good wordsearch and anagrams, but not much of a challenge.
This game should be 20 dollars, max. So glad I didn't buy it
The gameplay makes no sense, I tried to like it, but I just can't.  Played it three times then gave up.
Good game spent a fair amount of time beating it, good mixture of pkm mystery dungeon and the etrian series but harder than pokemon.
Game is NTSC, and so is my 360. Put the game in the system and it wasn't readable. Game came in case with manual as described.
This is a pretty fun game. if you like hardcore killing games then this is for you. this game rocks
Bioshock2 lived up to the series. Bioshock games are the most thought provoking and visually stunning games. I've played them all now and everyone should play them you won't be disappointed.
Very old, and boring game, im a fan of FPS but this game whats my final decision to sell my 360
its just so kiddish or outdated idk exactly what is wrong besides it is hard to take this game seriously and i feel like it is targeted to 12-14 year olds
What other sim game let you get pregnant, and watch them grow up the took step back with sim 4 the baby goes transform until a child and skip the toddler part.
Online doesn't work - simple as that.Release a game properly or don't.
Fun at first but freezes at the worst time, and just before you save after complete a chunck of the game, very annoying.  DS sucks anyway.  Get PSP.
Certainly my least fav of all the pinball games so far.  why nine more words required I think I said enough
Very hard game but fun after you get the hang of it.  Just be very careful...  Arrived in perfect condition.
I am disappointed as basically this is the same exact game as the first two. I am disappointed, however I would buy anything with the title "call of Duty" on it
If you're looking for a game with excelentes graphics and music, you must buy this one, but the gameplay is very bad, from pitching to hitting, evetything it's to much complicated.
Great game! Arrived as advertised and made happy gamers!
horrible this game is seriously boring and linear and short don't waste your money
Use it to play on Dolphin in Wii U mode! Also play PC games in PC mode!
Great game,intense action and worthy online play. The weapons are pretty well simulated and graphics cant be beat. a must have if you are a battlefield fan.
Graphically beautiful , but it's empty and repetitive. Not the content that was promised.....We go and kill a kraken which gave us nothing in game...No gold! , No Renown , Nothing!
a great fun wii u game that the family could all get into
Amazing game, an evolution of the "Souls" games combat, atmosphere, graphics and sound.
It's a nice tribute to arcade shooters with decent music but the controls are terrible, the game is stupidly difficult, and the save system is even worse.
I thought it would be a fun game,but it wasn't. I'm mad because I wasted my money and time on these game.
what a joke, this game is worthless. I wouldn't have taken this game if it had been for free, let alone 4 dollars!
This is my granddaughter's favorite game on 3DS.  Can't go wrong with Mario.
My sister loves it so far, the game has great controls and great graphics. The story line is also good. It feels like you're actually playing the show.
I fault Amazon (and myself) for not emphasizing that this game is for the Xbox and not the Xbox 360.  I did not realize that there was a difference between the two.
Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulI both cause of the movie but this game is disaster, d
Doesnt work on any game/app that I use  will be returning it
I'm a big fan of gran turismo so i expected great stuff from this game. And i did the controls were realistic, the tracks look real, and there were many bikes to choose from.
Cd player didn't work,description said works fine. Thanks game on. Had to pay shipping back.
Dave Mirra 2 was awesome for the ps2 and it is awesome for the cube. Between this and THPS 3 the gamecubes getting some pretty good games right off the bat.
Beautiful presentation of a side scrolling game collectible if nothing else.
would love it IF IT WOULD LAUNCH steam ignores several games in my collection that won't even launch mainly older titles but sill incredible games
Being a single father, what do you get your daughter for Christmas? Stick with games, you can not go wrong and you will recieve them super fast.
awful cheap made game. Do NOT waste your money. sent it back for a refund!!
gameplay controls are horrible, waste of my time and money... only thing thats good is predator and jason
Disgaea 2 is a great game with a fun storyline and excellent gameplay.
I am a fan of the call of duty games, I have put sooo many hours with all cods, but I am disappointed with MW3.
This game is such a deal for me havin always been a fan of the franchise and just getting back into the xbox ecosystem.Looks great and is 5 games, how could you beat it???
I loved this product and I also recommend for people who loves strategy and war games. The software is excelent, and the shipment arrived on time.
The Game is not even playable single player its online only with 0 Servers .Why do they sell Broken games Wasted time & money for a game i can ever use sad
Not a racing sim really, just a game to pop in once in awhile. Great graphics, great sound, friendly, easy to use.
worst game ever. there is no point to this game, when you think your done your not, the objective takes you back to the beginning of the game.
this game sucks. So very scary. Do not get. I warn you. This game is the worst. Please do not do that again :((((((((((
My friend and I have played this too much to be healthy. Great mechanics and fun levels in community and on the game itself. :3
Will not work.  The old MOH games did fine but it was with XP at the time. Never hurts to have an old system laying around for some of these games.
I don't get the love for this game.  "Lame" is what they should call it.
This game is fun and passes the time. I wish it had more of a song selection and a better selection of songs.  It's still fun though!
-Over the TOP Copy protection(DRM) / NEED internet for EVEN single player-No LAN support-Poor weak campaign-Poor campaign story-Just a pretty version of the original game
Good game. Only you will have to get a LED TV. If not you can't play it in multiplayer mode.
This is a great game! I love Nintendo and I'm very glad they chose to add to the Mario hall of fame! I love all of the brand new features!
Have tried playing it two times but got bored within 30 mins and stopped playing. Not my type of game at all.
The game is fine but I only receive the normal version not the steel box
It was okay but too short and i think it only took me a day to platinum this game! I feel sorry for the ones that spent 60$ on this overlyhyped game
The action is completely ridiculous in this game! I hope they make another one because this game was completely awesome.
This has nothing to do with the seller but this is one of the very few xbox games not compatible to play on xbox 360. I was upset.
Love these types of games fast delivery lots to do wide variety of items and enemies
You can't even skip cut scenes. It is 2015!!! they just want your money for increasing the pixels of an old game. Don't buy this game.
I bought this becuz it was cheap at gamestop. Me n my gf tried coop and we turned it off and never played it again.
game is crappy and unfair enemys cheat and respawn making it impossible to compleate missions you either defend your man all the time or die
great game for the gameboy and happy its finally on the wii u so i can play it on a bigger screen
The product arrived on time my son loves this game he did beat it within a couple of days but he still plays it and enjoys the game play each time.
With no exaggerations, this game has becone my number one game of all time.
got it my game before the date I will continue shop for more pc games
Played it over at a friends house we both vomited. The original games are good. This is not even hd this is N64 graphics.
this game is so boring plus it has horrible actors..
Worst game ever all hype! Why the hell does everyone support bethesda. They glitch their games and make the same game over and over. Open your eyes everybody this game isn't 5 stars!
this is not even a game !! it`s a rip off , i payed money to play not to watch a bad written story .
An amazing amiibo designed very well for being from an indie video game. A must buy for everyone!!!
This product does not work with every DS. Absolutely ridiculous!Buy only if you're willing to have a very disappointed child when it turns out that this game won't work.
Buyer beware, this DEMO is a huge disappointment. Booting offline, 1 hour story mode, awful animations, this is not a game worth buying
This is by far the worst sonic game ever made .. I miss the classics sadly sega has been lacking through this decade
Very boring, clunky, and ugly game.  I expected so much more from Bethesda, I guess all the competent programmers were too busy working on good games like Fallout and Elder Scrolls.
Bad thing about this game is all the bonus puzzle that you have to do to get to the next level is the same
This game looked cool at first, but it just didn't really go anywhere.  I couldn't stay engaged, but it looks cool.
One of the WORST games I have ever played!
Hardest, most unsatisfying game I've ever played in my life.  I would rather run my fingernails down an endless chalk board for the rest of my life than play this game for 5 minutes.
Has my vote for game of the year!
Boring storylineI know 2k can make better games.Well, it was great that I bought a used one for a great price.
This is a horrible game. NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE. Just kidding. Its just, what they did to it that really kills it.
I enjoy playing the DS while on long flights.  The battery life is excellent.  The game variety is nice, and there are plenty of games available for adults.
This game may be okay, but the background music wasn't what I could tolerate,  so I bought a different baseball game that I like better.
This game was interesting until the end. This was a new venue for Nancy Drew PC games, but the end totally ruined this game. But, I still enjoying playing.
do a good job on time. I will buy there something for play on my game it is fun to do that.
A nice bag for my 3DS XL & Vista. Big enough to hold games and power supply. Perfect for my needs!
An improvement on FC3. Beautiful environment, satisfying gameplay.
Took a bit to understand but now know how to use it and enjoy it very much mainly for my pokemon games.
OMG this game. Should get 0 stars. Considering how long the tutorial is the game play should be easier. A lot of people like the art style but i find it hideous.
Gotta be the best pokemon game to date imo. Perfect remake of Sapphire with all the added features. I've pumped hours into it already just taking my time
the definitive of what not to do when making a game... so many bugs, 0 storyline, no investment in character.worst game that has been released in the past 10 years.
After playing, i found more fun downloading the old tribes games that the current IP holder released some time ago
I enjoy the games and would recommend. This is something a bit different that will get the whole family up and moving.
i bought this game second hand it sudently got stuck.the graphics seem pretty cheep,i wuld have prefered to keep playing the game however.
If you like garbage, and you enjoy wasting your money, this is the game for you. Not even worth it if they gave you the game for free.
All I have to say is that this game is really wicked and has your adrenaline flowing. Great game, this game should be a Greatest Hits!!! Well Done!!!
nothing against the seller...but i cant grind or find anyway 2 enjoy this game at all!...the only thing good about it is the chatterer creation
Realy a great gameThe graphics are almost perfect & the story is so greatWill give it 5 stars
installed and won't even work. i tried all compatablities. and from reading other reviews if you do get it to work the games are missing all kinds of content. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
did not like at all it like a kids game sorry I bought it even my grandson didn't like it
Pokemon way better.This game not even close i regret buying.I wished this game was better than pokemon
This product meets all expectations that I needed.I like the state as arrival at their destination. Brand new.I recommend this game for its excellent story, graphics, sound and content of violence.RATING 100 points
I purchased this game for my grandchildren to play when they are here and they always want to play it.  They love it and have a lot of fun.
Once again a wonderful Super Mario game since Super Mario 64.
Another game that's abandoned single player campaigns, which really sucks.
I absolutely love this game - I played all Resident Evil, but this one is by far the best of all. Highly recommended!
Not a game to really get into... just to pass some time. Too much " Dungeons " mentality... The pets are really interesting...
Cheaply made product. I'm pretty sure it's not shielded at all. Theres a hum ion the audio if the game is silent for whatever reason.
I bought this game for cheap and still didn't like it. Very dull, secure this check point run a gun with out much need for aiming or talent. Just dull and not fun.
ONLY game I play, it's amazing.
I love this game series. My daughter and I bought the whole series and have been playing it every since.
Say you are stuck on a game you can not get passed this baby will help you.
Don't waist your money. This game has no resemblance of sonic of past. The control of the character is hard. Plus the game is boring.
i got this game basically because it was from Rockstar, at the beginning was kind of different, but once you understand it is greatttt.
Pretty horrible game as you would expect it to be. Not even worth it for 5 bucks. Nothing to see here
We have never been able to get this program to work. We had people that do gameing as a hobby and they could not work the game.
This game has no lasting apeal it gets completely boring after a few days even for a baseball fanatic like me. Also it feels the exact same as 2k11.
Yes,  the game made me  very sleepy.if you can't sleep or suffer from insomnia just play this game. The figurines are very cute and a great addition to my collection.
why did we freaking buy this stupid game we thought oh awesome icps game well wth it suxs.. grr oh well maybe nxt time we will be smarting when buying icp stuff ha but i dout it
This game is so real looking it's like watching a movie. Got this game for my husband and he loves it. It's so detailed and an amusing game to watch.
Crap game, glitches a lot and the animation is horrid.
This game is cool but I can't wait cheat code come out!!
So far so good, playing a different game besides the uncharted series right now.
Horrible game 2k12 and 2k11 were so much better worst game i have ever played.
It gets stupid difficult and there is now way to set that. There is also a lot of bugs in the game.
Takes forever to load and find a match, servers cut out constantly, graphics seem like early 2000's, this game should never have been released.
this game was too complicated for me to get working on my computer.  There is too much stuff I need to download and I don't think its compatible with my computer.
Awesome game for the Wii U fast delivery and the price is great.
too difficult and not enough hints to even be bothered playing this game. I hated it
Awsome great game, love it Awsome What can I say? it's halo...!!!! Awsome great game, love it Awsome What can I say? it's halo...!!!!
I was quite surprised when I received the Space Quest Collection as a gift the other day. I had forgotten about how much fun these games are.
It doesn't even play Xbox 360 games.....
I wrote a review for the Xbox 360. Game is still fun. I'm learning how to game on a PC.
decent game if you like golf but not as good as Tiger Woods Golf was..
Greatly disappointed.  I loved the other Dragon Age games but this one was horrible. Gameplay wasn't fun.  Sandbox feel was not good.
An excellent open world zombie game. It has tons of gameplay to keep you entertained for hours definitely worth it!
Who can forget the hours spent playing? Re bought to relive a little of my childhood  and had a blast! Great game.
This is least enjoyable AC game yet. Did not finish it. Hopefully AC4 will be better. I will give UBI Soft one more chance to get it right.
The best movie to game adaptation period but this game breaks even that! one of the best games of the year and a must own for action and batman fans alike!
Great game. It was fun watching my wife play it.
I was under the impression this was a game for supernintendo not nintendo. So in that case I was very unhappy when I opened the package and saw the wrong game =(
Great games not near the new ones or original trilogy. But great nonetheless.
If you love hidden object games, you'll love this one. I had no problem installing and no problem with the game itself.
Greatest video game in the history of the World!!!
Broing game.  Not recomment to buy.  My nephew and niece play only once.
Awesome camera, I had it for twitch and live streaming my games, also very neat as it reacts with you in Playroom. Excellent recommend
the game was what i expected, it came on time and in perfect conditions, i could recommend this to my friends or relatives
Amazingly addictive game, wish they made another elder scrolls game.
Its kind of slow bad game but love graphics so its kind of average to bad the new wii u yoshi is way better speed he can move it and way more playable..
finally collected all my RE games, but  just had to have this combo for my collection.  super fast shipper.
We like more challenging games and this seemed to be more for younger players. We rated this lower because of what we like in a game.
Plenty of action. lots of aggression. you can be any one you want. This is the komplete edition. enjoyable game not for young children.
nope it froze and it doesn't work.took it to a shop and turns out game is a fake.
Good game for a little kid. I played it for a little bit so I could give a review. My niece will love this when she gets a little bit older
the menu is very boring and anoying, don't like the gameplay
Lacks most of the features I was hoping to see.  It was fun to play for an hour.  Sold it to gamestop.
The game came severely scratched but worked but was really glitchy and it said like new but it worked so can't complain
My kid and I weren't able to enjoy the game. It was hard to play and we lost interest right away.
this was the first guitar hero game i've brought & it's fantasic!! My cousin love it!! brought her inner 80s back!
Only put the one star as the game I received wasn't able to download.  I'm hoping to try it soon.
this game all the enemys are perfect shots but you can never hit any thing the enemys do not die when hit do not reload and respawn history chanel sucks
would not run right so had to send it back,they sent the money back , this is the firstgame I had trouble with
I bought game for my 12 year old son for Christmas. He absolutely loves it and says it's his new favorite game. I guess I did good!
Love this game, a lot to do and great gear/ upgrades
Loved this game and I'll be replaying it.
Well it's safe to say that all the WWF games for the dreamcast.  Just keep on walking and get something else.
I bought this to play and update to 2014 as I already have NHL 04 updated to 2014 to try something different and this game is not good at all.
this game was pretty bad. I'm not one of those complainers who whine about any and almost all items. I rarely give bad reviews unless its really bad like this one.
Good game. Not too fast for this old fart :)
The game is really fun.  It introduces naval combat to the series and I love all the extra stuff that comes with the limited edition.  I hang up the assassin's creed flag in my cubicle
A good product two own if you like this kind of violent game
a gift for a friend and she like it a lot said it was a very fun action game and I love it got it at amazon very good price
For the price, it works great with the old PS, I will return to this site for other needed games items.
My best friend and I worked on these together over the holidays and had lots of fun. We really enjoy hidden object games and these worked well.
The most boring game you will ever play. Put gasmask on. Take gasmask off.
This game was truly terrible,the controls are horrible and the game play was nothing like real boxing.
So disappointing.  Saints row 3 was such a solid game, and this is just a travesty to the franchise.  Save your money
Has all the buttons and knobs you need for Simraceway, it works on other games, but not as well since you can not use all the knobs there.
The first installment in the GTA franchise, this game is awsome, the story is simple and the gameplay is fun.
i got these game for the multiplayer aspect of the game, and team fortress is the only multiplayer that comes with it, i think they are being a little dishonest whyle selling the game,
Bought for my 5yr grand daughter but it took my daughter several times to figure this game out.  Very difficult for young ones.
I love flying games and history. This covers both with the missions just hard enough to be interesting.
Not sure why they are remaking this garbage when it was already in hd and had a terrible reception from real capcom fans. COD fanoboys go back to your own franchise and leave our horror games alone!
Rare Ware you need to go back to Nintendo they are killing the DK games
Love this game can't wait for part 3
i love this game it fun to play and easy to play it I love playing game show game like this one
The statue is cheaply made and the game that comes with it is utter garbage.
the games controls are the worst and this game is really hard!! yes the graphics are some of the best thats not y u should buy this game its not worth is buy eternal darkness
Very good game i like it too much, i buy it for my child they like it too much, excellent.
I made a mistake about which video game was bad. This is the one from the UK that couldn't be played at all, not the other I previously posted. Will have to correct that.
Granddaughter loves it very much.  Dancing with this game is a good way to get great exercise and have fun with your friends at the same time.
Uninspired gameplay and huge lands of nothingness just to be big.
The game is one of the best. Almost cannot put it away!
The game sucks.  Absolutely horrible.  Played it twice and never wanted to touch it again. $35 is a rip off for this.  Wouldn't pay $5 for it.
I got  the  a day early the packing was great and the game is a good game to play.
Love this game has hours of replay value and so many different ways to win. Great strategy and tactics game and fun to play against the family!
This game is so boring. So awkward. Does not make any innovative use out of the Vita and has bad graphics, acting and gameplay. Truly unsure why this game has the reviews it has.
Great fun. The visuals are nice. It's easy to play. Good to add to your collection. It has many boards to choose from to play and this game is just all around cool.
I don't think you should buy this game. It's unfortunate there are no refunds.
My grandsons were thrilled with this game. A real hit.
If you are looking for awesom dreamcast games to play with your kids, this is definitely one of them. I have a 3 and 5 year old and they love this game.
Worst FF game ever. Disgrace to the FF7 series. Horrible storyline, just shameful.
The themes, the gameplay, the everything! weee e e e e e e e e e e ee eeee ee
why give money for a terrible game that will probably be shut down prematurely anyway?  horrid game from a horrid publisher with horrid customer service and relations.
This is a great golfing game. It really has lots of offline modes and you can unlock most the courses offline!!This is a must buy  for any gold fan out there !!
i must be getting over the 2d platform genre or something, cause this game is just plain boring.
Xbox rocks.  Great game selection great video graphics and now supports Bluetooth.
This game is terrible. Don't buy!
This is the Mah Jongg solitaire game that you would find on phones or something, not real, 4-player Mah Jongg like I was hoping. Apparently that's nearly impossible to find in video game form.
Great game, difficulty level is up there. Puzzles are a bit confusing at times and some objects are really hard to find. I enjoyed this immensly
Heavy profanity with no way to filter, otherwise this could be a 4-5 star game.
This is a fantastic game which I enjoy very much. However, I am rating this low as it does not have the option to buy a digital code for Xbox One.
Got this for my girlfriend for Christmas. Its one of our favorite games for our Gamecube :)
Really excited about the game saw a cow Yoshi. Never got the yarn for the cow Yoshi.
Dont plan on playing this game if you don't have internet connection at all times! Thats right single player requires full time internet too!!!! UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!
Good value awesome game best racing game ever worthy a try
Of course, I should have read the description but I was excited to be getting an sp. Wtf would anyone buy an unworking gameboy?
this ole granny just loves all the RE games she got for her bday.
Wow, this SNES games costs cheaper than Super Mario RPG and other popular SNES games. Thanks you for costs this SNES games $0.01, I am really grateful for having this SNES games.
Great game for people that like a good story line that makes you think! Snausages Are also delicious! 2 more words required!
Great game, difficulty level is up there. Puzzles are a bit confusing at times and some objects are really hard to find. I enjoyed this immensly
Great game and a great deal!!! Brings back memories!! Can't believe i got it for like $3!!! Cheaper than getting it from Steam itself!
I did not realize it was an internet only play game.  Instructions need to be clearer.  It should be clearly stated that this cannot be played on a home computer without using the internet.
Y is this good getting so more hype not very fun I guess it's just the warcraft  nerds that like it not really a good game sry
it is ok, the mario maker extra mushroom is not worth the price if thats what you are getting it for, you can only use the mega mushroom in the original mario games graphics
I love the warcraft games. I played warcraft 3 when I was little and moved on to world of warcraft when I got a little bit older..awww the memories.
Very pricey, but we're talking about a rare game that happens to be one of the best games ever made, period.
Only had a few months and my 6 year old already broke it. 3ds games are hard to get in and out.
Well I do not know how this game plays because it crashes sometimes in the game menu or about 5 minutes into the game. There are no patch fixes out that I can find for this.
This game is nothing but different dumb bejeweled games. I would not order again if I knew what it was.
Love this game on xbox 360 ,it can not be played on xbox one yet
Not a big 3rd person fan. Story is cool, but I prefer the COD game play. If you're into a 3rd person shooter this is a great game.
This game lacks a lot! It is just a cheap knock off of Splinter Cell...
a must buy if you liked the first, or enjoy games such as devil may cry, ninja gaiden, dante's inferno, etc
This was an amazing game! I had a lot of fun playing it. I'm really glad my friend recommended that I get this game.
Very fun game. Surprise voicing by David Tennant was extremely funny.
A fantastic game! Thank you, Nintendo!
I really dig this game! I play with my sister and it's sure for quality entertainment with your closest ones :D
they took a successful game and ruined it ,how they can do this i do not know ,maybe they changed everyone that worked on the other series ,do not know ,
I really liked this game. I didbt want to stop so I lost a lot of sleep but worth it
this game sucks. what a waist of money. nothing like the first one.
The graphics in the game are not very good and the main character does not leave his farm. I found this game to be boring and I would not recommend it to anyone.
I had this for the PS2 but could not mod it. Now I can mod as much as I wish! Very fun game, old, but still very fun!
Load times are terrible!  Buggy game already. Had great potential
the wii mote is hard to use when you play a shooter game you cant hit anything the motion does not respond to games
I loved the game as far as i could play it... but the game card i received was corrupted so the game just fell apart after a certain point :'(
An ok game I guess.  I ended up playing other games.  Then looked up more info on origin then I hope got all of it off my comp.
Kind of a disappointment. 600 foot flight ceiling,some difficulty hitting enemy and not a good game for beginners. Playstation One's Soviet Strike was a better game by far.
The only draw back is am not a fan of Halo. I would have liked to picked the game I got with it. I had a friend pay the same price for half the memory.
Love the Nancy Drew Series...this game was lots of fun to play. Spooky music and atmosphere. Characters were really well developed. Kudos.
One of coolest game ever!+great atmosphere+ intriguing story+original and cool graphics+hard difficult
this game is to linear for me... not very fun... sorry rockstar.. :/....... . . . . . . .  . .
Great game at a great price my 9 years daughter thinks this game is harder than the mario world series
This game is a cash grab period. You can only play online and there is a ton of DLC. Ridiculous and sad game.
Love this game and I always return to it. Works on my Windows Vista PC.
don't know how the ps3 version was...,but the ps4 version is stunning,awesome looks like a movie mores than a game..
Amazing game, so fun to play. Unique time travel play. The characters are unique. Definitely worth your time and money.
Great game ! It was on sale, good price !
I bought this game for my grandson.  He loves the lego 3DS games.
But the second one instead of this. I played this one, then went right to second. The second game is pretty much the 1st one but better.
This game worked and I am pleased with it.
STILL one of the best CoD games ever. THIS is real CoD, back when it was still good! I got this back in 2007 and it was My personal GOTY
Just regular dust covers for the Nintendo 64 video games. They fit perfectly, nothing negative to say about them at the moment.
This game is a little boring. The fight engine is slow and dull. No awesome moves. Tekken is WAY better,even little big planet is more fun..........
I was disappointed in this because it is really hard to see & there are no actual instructions. The one plus, is that there are a variety of games.
Got this for my son and he loves playing it.  That's enough for me since he is happy with this game.
You don't need to speak or read japanese to enjoy the game. Graphics look amazing and full if sexy girls. It's awesome to see them nude in battle.
The developers at Namco never forget who they work for. This game is actually pretty good. Actually, I think it's kind of grrrrrrrrrreeeat! Playing Ace reminds me of the value of performance.
One of the most beautiful games ever made, and it's amazingly fun and polished to boot. Co-op is a blast!!
If you are a fan of racing games then you will love Pure. This game was very fun and the tracks were awesome. Even the tricking was cool or Pure for that matter.
This game has poor controls, bad network connectivity, and a story mode that plays like an expanded tutorial for any of the classes.
One of the best games I ever played. Considered a classic in history of gaming. I just thank people who created this amazing game. Thank you !!! #OperationPlatinum
I haven't been able to get it programed but if its anything like the other bejeweled games I will like it
I really was hoping to like this throwback to games of old.  But I don't like the control system with the pogo jumps to land on baddie's heads.  It makes for too much frustration.
I highly recommend this Legend of Zelda Package for any Zelda fan!, buy it now before is too late! this game is hardly to find on local stores!
Helps with motion sensor games, turns the sticks into a game pad, or that is why I purchased it. No longer playing Wii or and games of this nature.
I played this game and it was a complete MESS , little by little i started hating it more and more . it was difficult to maneuver and just confusing . Do Not Buy This Game .
Easy code delivery to activate on EA Origin.  This game looks great, although my son has taken control of this on my PC for now.  I'm hoping to play soon, myself
Its a excellent buy if you love legend of Zelda games it was a good price it came in better condition than they described and it came on time
Not happy with this game, it's probably just me.  Spent $59 now with trade in for $8, oh well.
Not what I expected considering the potential this game had. For a square Enix game for me it did not deliver.
didn't realize it was a find the  hidden object game. was good to fuss with when I got the flu
they love sonic and this was the best game i could find to get them moving. they play it at least once a week and have a ball. highly recommend.
plays like any Dynasty Warriors game. love the music, and has lots characters form the series, and my brother and i have lots of fun playing this game.
This was my first game for PS3, and it is more than awesome :)It has the best graphics and superb gameplay which really makes it addictive.
As soon as I heard Amiibo's were being released, I ordered all that were available. I can't give a review on them for gameplay, but they look great in my collection!
Must be a good game - I haven't seen my teenage son except when he needs food and to go to the bathroom for over a week.
Excellent game, I recommend it, it is not boring.
Well this game is ok! But its way too hard. I rented it last night and dident mind about it. It is easy to crash and way too easy to run out of time.
Pros: This is literally the best of mortal kombet series. I would recommend getting it!Cons: It is a bit difficult game. Still good though.
Not worth the time to try & play a game without any instructions. This one was put away very soon after receiving it. Not worth your time or money.
Another great game in the Nancy Drew series ,I'm waiting on the next one.
High priced for a simple task to do...the game adapter from linksys works better and more cheaper than this.
Such an addicting game. Far Cry offers players with an awesome sand box enviroment while drawing you in with a captivating story.
it worked for a week and then it wouldnt hold acharge. maybe i got a bad battery or something happened to mt gameboy but it won't charge!
It doesn't get any better than this game!!
My husband seems to really enjoy this game, I'm glad.
This is a birthday present and my son is going to love it.  He has some Mario games already and wanted this one too.
Product was in better condition than what was mentioned in the details.  Great game!  Great replay value!  Great addition to your library!
I got this combo pack for the controller and gave the game to my daughter. It was a great price and much cheaper than buying them separately .
This honesty the worst game ever it's so stupid I hate it so much don't buy I respeat do not buy
This game is so terrible. Nintendo loves to milk their games.
good idea bad try.nobody well come to ur town.none simciy games r playable
This game is awful. Save your money and order anything else for the ps4 on amazon.
not a good game at all by deep silver great cars, drivers and sponcers but game play off and online is horrible do not buy , i would rent it if i  could do it all over again
This game is fun and it gets harder in the higher levels. Some levels almost seem impossible but I am only missing a couple medals now.
I bought this controller and when I first used it the buttons were almost non responsive, I had to press very hard to get the actions on the game to work.
This game is terrible, the controls suck and plus on the season mode, you have a limited time to meet your wrestler.
So nice to have all 3 together.  I love these games.
Lame game to me. Many love it, i cant get into it.
Did not switch game input to RF out.  I ended up cutting the leads of and creating a temporary adapter cable.
I pre-ordered this deal and got it last week only to see it get another free game this week. Amazon surely there is something you can do to rectify this misstep to users?
Love this game, so fun and never get tired of playing.
I bought this controller for my girlfriend and she loves it! Want your girlfriend to play games with you? Just buy this controller! Hahaha
Son loves to play this game with his friend. For Xbox one. Received on a timely manner. I recommend.
good game i guess just not for me.
Its a good game and it came in good shape and was here in no time. Thank You. Amazon Com.
This Game was just fake one... First they said i can install and play, and went i open the cage of the game no installation game inside only bonus cd/dvd
I enjoyed this game from the beginning all the way through.  It had a lot of areas to go to with various games.  The graphics and sound were amazing!
This game sucks. You can't play this game using a controller so it is worthless to me. I am sorry I bought this game...
Came with a few scratches but overall playable and a great game
This is honestly the worst game ever do not buy stupidest game ever made
This game stinks. It's graphics are bad, bad story, bad gameplay, I would return it but it would cost more than I paid for the game :(
This game has brought back so many great memories playing it i had to buy it for my boyfriend...We just got the new Sega system and we cant stop playing .
This game is really fun. I highly reccomend this game if you play Resident Evil on PS, GameCube, etc.. I love it!!
buy it.  period.get into it.  stay into it.  play online always.great replay value, great character development, super-addictive gameplay.one of the best games out there!
It feels like a irritation then a fun game. I just can't stand this game!
S*** game, No MULTIPLAYER!! Good Graphics,  but that is absolutley it!
It is set up to use the Z button (on the nunchuk) for the trigger. Good idea except most games don't use Z for a trigger, they use B!
cod of duty mw moder worfaer is a game withg gun sa ansd you go ABANG BGANG and kill ppl
Good game, and the one I got has functioned for months without any conflict.
still playing this game and love it!!
A mishmash of video game characters from Disney and Square Enix. very cool rpg battle system. live not turnbased like some rpg.
This game is good for those just starting out. Graphics are so so and storyline is kinda basic.  If you are a more advanced gamer, do not get this game.
This game is okay, but sub par compared to other games on the market.
I really disliked this game, I heard good things about this game but it was so boring, I could only stand it for about 3 minutes of it and then I was like okay no thanks.
Everyone in the family likes the game, some songs are quite difficult to get going on but with some practice you can get to the normal parts of the songs.
Not good for a modern game.  RESISTANCE FALL OF MAN 1,2 &3 -- Older game still beats this hands down with characters, fire power and most importantly, STORY.
Please release this game on steam.  The game is great on xbox360 but orgin is terrible.  Even when steam was released in 2003 it was 1000x better.
i like these games.... and i get a poster
Fun as can be for a spidy game. Great free roam and good fighting ability.
What is it with nintendo and making thing artificially scarce?Wii U gamecube adapters, Amiibos, etc...Don't support this crap.
The best soccer video game I've played and has excellent graphics.
had some games i use to play all the time as well as some game I have forgotten about..it's alot of fun to play..
Great game and Collectors edition. Ended up getting it very cheap.
they don't even support this system anymore. Also from what I've heard, the Xbox One outputs games in 720p, 30fps. That's just sad, and Microsoft should be ashamed.
I know this game inside out. There are a few things I wish I could change, but overall I enjoy it tremendously and it has great replay value. One of my favorites.
I enjoyed the first game, but this version was ridiculously hard. Couldn't get far into the game.
This game is so boring. Only people who don't actually play soccer, but follow soccer, play this game.
This game would probably be fun to little kids, but I really disliked it.  Very boring and no practice of free will.  If you're 12 or over, don't do it!
I don't believe i own this game so i don't know why i need to rate it with amazon, but i have halo 3 and that is a great game.
Crappy rip off game for a crappy rip off console.
Impressive graphics and easy controls to master. Much more fun than any of the Spider-Man movie tie in games. I loved it.
Great game for PC, very entertaining if you love to play basketball using a remote control and keyboard. You can create your own team and player and compete with other players online.
I completed this game, which is more than I can say for many. Better than the original PC version in many respects.
Improvements over last years game. Play it a few days to see new animations and improved game play. The players are more realistic when it comes to going after a baseball.
This game did not work on my computer and took too much memory to try to download.  Check your computer capacity before you purchase.
Cannot review this game.  Played it twice and  found it difficult to play; hence I have not played it since.
bad halo loved most this is not  a new game just a few missions to make extra money what was Microsoft thinking
Yep, except for some basic tutorial missions, there isn't a campaign in this game. NOT worth $60, wait for it to go to $30, maybe $40 before you buy.
Best Headset me, games and films Excellent Great
You get what you pay for.. what can I say this game really wasn't what I expected.. graphic old, and getting around in the game is clumsy at best... can't recommend...
This games looks way to hard to be any fun.Somehow a game that takes forever learn isn't too much fun.So far, I don't recommend this one to anyone. Save your money for something better
A very disappointing entry in the game series. The direction of the voice acting was so terrible that I had to stop playing.
i love this kind of adventure games.  Slashing is the way to kill!
Very poor game with boring gameplay, unexciting weapons, and a terrible upgrading system. Overall very poor and underdeveloped game and would not buy unless on a very large discount.
i like it i can now play my baseball games batter and have fun new other games to i can do
wow, not a next gen game at all, getting bad reviews from professionals, I would avoid this one or wait for a price drop
good game for the vita it ultilize all vita features and more its awesome but killzone mercenary is tons better
S*** game, No MULTIPLAYER!! Good Graphics,  but that is absolutley it!
There's nothing more Wild West than traveling from the US to Mexico and robbing everyone along the way. This is one of my favorite games, and it came on time.
Excellent game. Remains all the retro style and with 3D graphics.The best of all is the japanese version. Much better than the USA version.
Superb game I have been playing all holidays, I haven't use the dlc content but it doesn't matter because I am sure it will be great as the game.....
the game arrived on time but it won't even start a new game its way too damaged it wouldn't even start a new game
Disappointed as explained to shipper JAZZ but kept the game anyhow even though my Grandson did not want micro LEGOs.
I enjoyed the game very much for the week I was able to play it.  Then it just stopped working totally.  It stank, cause I really liked the game.
Very fun Mech shoot 'em up game. Being able to FPS with my character along with a Mech was a great switch for an FPS game.
This game is the best I have ever gotten.I've got in "Pin The Tail On The Ed." But I can't seem to get pass the hard parts. Also,THIS GAME DESERVES AN OSCAR!!!
spent so many hours in this game - has severe re-playability and I've re-played it several time. hundreds of hours into this. love the DLC's as well for this game
A pain in the behind to get this on completely, and requires you to take it off each time to put a game in :|
loved watching my ex-hgubby playing this game, had to finally get my own copy.  super fast shipping.
i love the halo games, be a fan since 2002, can't wait for the Halo 5, P.S Call of duty SUCKS
Love this game.  It is so much fun.
I hate this stupid game it's not as good as attitude
What a boring game. I was fooled by its low price to check it out. This game is not fun.
I think a lot of customer reviews on here are a little too harsh.  I'm enjoying this game.  But that's my opinion.
I missed playing this game and it's a great story line
Like the original Modern Warfare, the is a tremendous game. Great graphics and playability. my highest recommendation.
Got this for my niece for her Skylanders game because it was cheaper here than at target.  Happy with my purchase
I was looking forward to this game but I must not be a Fallout fan because I quickly got bored and put back in the box.
Really not worth the money to buy this game on PS4 unless it becomes $10.... don't make the mistake I made.
This game is pretty stupid but I imagine for little kids its probably fun
worst resident evil ever .. back tracking in every aspect of the game. feels dated .  unplayable it is so bad
The description did not tell me I was not buying the complete game.  I would not have made this purchase had I known that.  Rather deceptive advertising.
Don't have much to say, bad game play and no easy setting. Slow online play and small amount of people to play as.
This is a very hard game to figure out! Poor graphics and I just couldn't get a grasp of the game play.
Great game for people who like to spend hours beyond desire, graphics are great and even now you can enjoy the updates they give from time to time.
ok, so this ole granny loves this game, now i get to hear the "i told u so nana" from grandkids...absolutely hooked.  super fast shipping.
An awesome collection. It is a must for every gamer and lover of the Metal Gears series.
i don't like it don't buy this stupid game its alllies lies lies i say don't trust anyone to ow
Failure of a game, hyped by the press, dumped on the consumer.
no manual or code key. game useless.
marvel nemesis rise of the imperfects is the greatest game in the world a true classic the best of the best buy this game if your a huge marvel fan you won't be sorry
I was going to buy it but after watching gameplays on youtube i gave up. This game is like sims 1 with sims 2 graphics and sims 3 items. Nice s*** EA
I wish that I used to review games as a job because the only way I can play World Series Baseball 2K1 is if I were paid to do it!!
The game doesnt save youll play for hours then lose progress its game breaking don't buy it
Well I would have loved this game but The Text is too small, it's ridiculous
Aswome! You can't find any better games then this. Aswome graphics. Great sound. Theres nothing to say but the best game. 2 levels that are so real its like real!
Looks very good color wise. Quality wise it feels sturdier than my original DS4 controller which has been having L2 and R2 breaking issues. Battery charge also last much longer during game play sessions as well.
I bought this on Saturday while waiting for Spore to come out.  I played spore about 3 hours on Sunday and switched back. ;)  Fantastic game, lots of fun, its like real time MOO.
Any gamer should pick up this game and OoT
get it from gog.com instead. drm free and bonus goodies like soundtrack and graphics. what a great game from the 2000
I pre-ordered this game...This was a 5 star game, but with all the changes they have made to this game I changed my rating.
Phew... nice to be able to fix the gamecube!
As a skilled coast-guard officer, you'll have to use every resource available to battle a shipful of hideous abominations and the game's camera.
My grandson it was a boring game and he did not like it at all. the game was packed well for shipping.
Great game if you like story driven JRPGs with random encounters.
Is very difficult play this game I don't recommend buy it!
this game really does not help very much action lol terror and little taste for anything I do not know why I lost my money with this game unfortunately not carefully before buying ..
This is one hard game, not for those who lose control.
Its an ok keyboard but not good for WASD FPS games.  I have big hands and they becoming fatigued after use.
let's be honest, this game was beautiful, but the play is just dull
The graphics will wow you. A must buy. Not a shooter or intense type of game. Just explore and enjoy.
Overall the game is Okay. There is too much story and not enough play. Litterally, 75% of you time is spent clicking through conversations. I lost interest in about an hour.
I've gotten a few of these because I end up breaking them here and there when games piss me off. LOL  It works great and looks alot cooler than the other designs in my opinion.
The game arrived within a decent interval of time. It just was not my style of game and I should have seeked a demo version first.
i give the game 5 star because i love this game on pc and ps3.the graphic amazing and fun to play .
Meh, my 7 year old was excited to get it but this is her least favorite DS game she's played.
Everyone loves the Tony Hawk games and this one is no different. One of the classics, you can have fun playing as your favorite character and even build your own skate parks.
The statue is very cheap looking and very small while the game is a mediocre shooter at best. Worth $20 tops.
EXCELLENT game and story! loved the challenge and gameplay of this game
My Son loves these games .. he has not stopped playing any of the games and all came in a good waiting time ,.. fast..lol.. thank you
the games are small and some are hard to follow, it makes me want to play the dreamcast more than the xbox
Honestly, this game was so boring that I couldn't even get past the first level. I simply quit out of boredom.
It does not have game sound for xbox 360
My son loves this game. I however have a headache now that he is constantly talking to his friends during game play.
I love C&C games.I don't know why they remove the base building.Save your money and avoidthis title.
Bought this game for my husband he has played it non stop since he got it he always wanted this game and he loves it
Worst controller ever!! Unconfortable and not accurate. Even worst on fighting games. Cool style and carrying case...  To bad it is useless on real gaming.
I wanted to like it but all of that having defend an area thing ruined the game for me. Meh.
I know some people don't have problems with steam.  I do, and it makes this game unplayable for me.  It is sad companies take gamers for granted and put in trash requirements like Steam.
Alot of wire to mess with but overall good sound quality for casual gamers...comfortable on your ears
Bought this game by mistake. I needed the playstation game. Did not return it as it was my fault for ordering wrong.
Garbage. Just got game in mail and already can't play. Day one and can't log in. Pretty bad.
great game love this game came on time and fast was every happy happy . love sniper games there so fun
This game is alot different and better the all of the DOA. Graphics, characters, stage, and it's all great. Will play this for a long time.
Every mario game is pretty much gold. this is a lot of fun with one friend or a group taking turns. Love the extra Wii remote too!
I don't actually own this game, but it's just not right.  If Sega listened to fans, they would know that they want games like Shenmue or Skies of Arcadia.  Not Bass Fishing.
Confusing gameplay and buggy makes it not worth the time and effort considering many other games that one could spend time with that do work.
the figures I bought to play with the game, would not work
Such a wonderful game,  You will laugh so hard as you play the roles of the different characters in the movie.  Lot of fun and hours of gameplay!
Fifa 12 is the best game fifa street is a terrible game the playing field is smaller than my school gym it doesnt feel good nba street is a better game.
I wasted my money. I know...My review is Not Helpful to people fooled by the pointlessness of this game. Rare could have done better.
It was ok. Definitely not one of the best games I've played.
As others have said this game suffers from some frame rate issues and several known glitches.  I would pass on this until a patch is available.
Had a bug on franchise mode where it would freeze during gameplay then corrupt the file, which you would then have to completely start your franchise over.  Happened twice, never played again!
I bought it to go with my complete set of Prince of Persia video games for the PSP. It went well with my set.
Way too many cut scenes.  Im trying to play a game, not watch a freakin movie for gawdssakes.  Plus, there are some points where I got stuck in cover.
The game is literally broken and has less features on ps3 & 360.  Has to be played on next gen or else it won't work.
My 6 & 8yr old didn't like this game...they played it 2 hrs and never again.
Rated NO out of ten. Too much scripted action. Unplayable. Boring. Worst 60 bucks spent on a game.
Great product, it is new, I enjoy this game, I recomended this seller 100%
The entire Ratchet & Clank video game franchise is great and this game is no exception; well worth the money!
watch the youtube review on this one. not so cool of a game for me
This game is not Joystick compatible.  I bought this game to use it with a joystick, but it would not register.
Perfect closure and half way through the game you felt an adult tone. Two thumbs up a must own. You will have replay value with this.
A few years back this game used to be awesome, but they have sold out. It's now a pay-to-win game with steep prices for in game purchases.
would not save game progress, i wasted $
Kids played game maybe a total of three hours and have not put it back in since.  Think the Kinect technology really isn't there yet.
This game misinterprets what made Ninja Gaiden appealing and proceeds to aggravate players with bad mechanics and writing.
I really dislike this game. It's short and confusing. The game play is a mix between a FPS and a RPG.
I love the Sims 2 and must have everything part of the game. You wouldn't think so but it has taught me things and helped me feel I had accomplished something while still in my PJs.
No Plot, sense less no point violence.  If some one can tell me wha the point of making this game is I may pay you.  This game flat out [isn't good]
After losing money on Simcity societies, I wasn't going to buy this again until I've thoroughly tried & buyed.Unfortunately, I couldn't even try the game thanks to servers being down.Good job DRM!
I normally enjoy all of the Jewel Quest games, but prefer the ones that include search games.  This one was just match 3.
Purchased this game for my granddaughter. She loves the game. And she is very good at it. She started when she was 4 playing the game Helps with dexterity.
Everything good about this game is overshadowed by bad mechanics. Nothing about climbing towers is fun. Absolutely nothing. If your mechanic is broken don't base challenges and spawns around it.
I don't know where to begin.  Graphics are great, game play is great, story line is great.  I would rate it a 10 out of 10.
As everyone else is saying, the game is a mess. The potential was there for something great, but they just didn't deliver.
This seems to keep my 11 year old son content for a long time. He loves the game. Came safely and undamaged.
I downloaded this and promptly removed it. I thought that it would be like the other jewel quest games, but not by a long shot.
now this was a fun game. disturbing yes, boring no. both of the 9 clues games are good. I love the part with the question marks and you have to find the clues.
Super Solid gameplay that still holds up today.
Great kids game! Arrived on time, an the kids love it! They choose to play it over many other games we have. This game is one of the kids most played games... easy.
I absolutely love this game. I've already beaten it on vita but i had no way to play multiplayer so i bought the ps3 version :)
has to be the worst, slow paced game in history! the only positive is it was THE EASIEST platinum trophy i ever bought.
Good game one of the better ones a little difficult but easy to get used to love it
After playing this game for a few more weeks I concluded that it is terrible.  Just like RAGE this game is a bill of goods.  Over hyped and under delivered.  Thanks Bethesda.
addicting game. don't buy unless you're ready to end your social life for awhile haha. fast shipping thank you!!!
- Very accurate tracking- Fun- Math comparison- Memory games- Military 24 hour format telling time- and more!Keep the fun educational games coming!
Excellent story and open world. Some nights I would just go out on the saloon roof and watch it rain. The graphics are outstanding. Rockstar has taking the GTA game engine and done wonders.
Dont support censorship that's only there to please SJWs who wouldn't have bought the game either way.
This should be sold as BETA and not a full game! Very Disappointed!
Fun Game! Relaxing music. Cute fish........and just an enjoyable game. If you just want to pass some time and want to spend it under the sea, get it and enjoy!
Awesome game for the Wii JRPGs at their best.
If you are a fan of The super Mario franchise, this game does not disappoint.  It is fun from the beginning.
I love playing this game. It is fun, challenging, and addictive. This game came in great condition and functioning back in May 2014. I was playing Peggle on the PC.
JUST AWFUL! Dont buy this game. Graphics are really bad and the game story line sucks. DONT bother with this.
I had higher hopes for this game it just came up a little short. sorry
Great addition to the Pokemon game family. Little different, but I'm not mad at it. I love Mimikyu.
Does not work with my Ace Combat Assault Horizon game
Probably one of the best games ever made! It is a classic! I play it all the time. Great buy!
sorry to say I really did not like this game
The complete change of battle system is jarring to fans of the original XII. This game is far slower paced than it's predecessor.
I don't recommend only because of that slow mo when someone dodges and hits with a punch. I will not buy another fight night if that continues to be in the game.
AWFUL hit detection and lag make the game unplayable for most, but others are GODS
this game is a fun game in story mode and is hours of entertainment in mutiplayer mode. kids love it and so do i...now i just have to stop getting my butt kicked by my kids
My 7 year old is mario crazy and wanted this game, worked fine, just not sure it really compared with some of the newer Mario games and he lost interest quick
Total crapola!  O very bad game!!  You crawl up in the grass silently and they shot you in the head before you can even take out one of them.
limited game. when you are done, you need to buy additional chapters.
Love this game, it's exactly what Dead Island should have been!
my dad likes playing older games and he was able to play games on the DS very easily.  He seemed very entertained the whole time visiting.
the installation code sent with this new game does not work. Contacting EA games is practically impossible. Terrible experience. Do not go thru this trouble. Not worth it.
I bought this game for my little sister and she hated it from the first time... I tried it too and this game sucks... we gave it away.
This game does not allow marriage equality. I can't in good faith rate a game highly that purposely discriminates, in 2014. Nintendo has said the sequel to this willl allow same sex marriages.
came as said it would new and in good condition. gave 1 star each becuase game was a gift i never played it
This game is a classic to have it is fun and worth putting in a collection of games. I have it for my xbox 360 ,and worth the price and it is hard to find.
Don't buy it unless you like terrible games that aren't fun.
Tremendous game. It looks great on the PS4.
COD was a great franchise, but there's just nothing left for them to do. Same boring stories, same old gameplay.
This game is the reason they stopped making the army man games.
I love all tomb raider PC games. Prompt delivery.
This game is not all that great.  Graphics are choppy and load times are long.  I say no one lives forever is crap.
...This game is absolutely horrible.  The playabilty is poor and the graphics are barely mediocre.  Don't waste your money ...
I forgot how fun this game was to play.  I owned the original Halo when it was released so many years ago.  It's still fun to play.
This game has repetitive questions and the way it is set up is not very good. I will be selling this game to gamestop soon. If you want a good trivia game buy buzz
This game looks beautiful, but it plays horrible compared to the other infamous games. When I bought this game from Gamestop, I was disappointed, and am still regretting buying this game.
This game wasn't to good I thought it was going to be really good but it wasnt
I bought this game at full price when it came out and they are already coming out with a new version 6 months or so later making this version obsolete. Thanks Capcom.
Played this years ago and decided I wanted to play it again.  Very good game.
Really fun game, I actually never played it before which I know is odd (only played XD: Gale of Darkness) but hey, I liked it, glad to play it.
This was the first video game i ever picked up and played when i was 5 years old. great to revisit the past and play it again
I bought this game for my grandson.  He loves playing the lego games.
My daughter loved the game.  Almost gave me a heart attack.  I was reminded quickly how out of shape I am.  LOL.  Loads of fun with my preteen daughter playing this together!!
The graphics are amazing for a early ps4 game.  I can only imagine how this would look on pc, but gameplay is your standard mill fair.
Terrible value compared to Playstation network, not nearly as many or as good quality free games w/ subscription.I won't be renewing next year.
its a great game. im already on my third playthrough.
Excellent game..!!! Donkey Kong is back!!!
This is the greatest game ever.  If you can think it, you can create it.  Great way to make people use their imagination.  Fun for all ages!!!!  Love it
i was excited for this... sigh.  really disappointing, i wish i designed games, would be one heck of a castle game that would rival all games like stronghold.  lol
As far as 3rd person shooters go, this game is definitely not 1 of the best. It is definitely better than Dead Space, but is a sure waste of money just the same.
God of War is the most awesome video game genre ever created.  It makes the ancient world shake with fear.
love this game but i love all legend of zelda games but I would recomend this game to any one that likes this type of game
The game is broken! is impossible to play in coop or mp! do not waste your money!
fantastic game!  must own for any/all lego game lovers!
I thought this was a good game. I would definitely recommend this game to others, especially to people who like Luigi and/or liked the previous Luigi's mansion game.
it is a useless as a ps2 game .
Amazing game, great for those who love srpg
This game is completely unplayable without a left handed controller setting.  Seriously, how hard is it to swap the joysticks?  In fact, you can't adjust the control layout AT ALL!
currently at gamestop for 9.99, maybe at other locations also not entirely sure. but i got one at game stop earlier today for 10 bucks
What could have been a great game is ruined by the difficulty mostly due to the bad controls, although the same game might perhaps be better on a different platform.
Great! Must buy! Hands down, best game of the 1st part of the year.
bought this game for a friends he said he love it and thought it was an amazing game and well worth the time spend on it.
Good game with poor graphics ps3 version is better psvita version look like Crap very poor graphics I will rate graphics from 1/100 good game though I was just disappointed with bad graphics good game
This game sucks. With all the hype, you would think it would have been, at least, a time killer. No, it is a chore to play this game.
Really Fun Game! Better than the original driver game for PS1.
Plenty of games for a good price. It has easier games to follow. I will have games to play for awhile.
My 8-year old and even her 14-year old cousin seem to really like this game. Of course we had to buy the Amiibos as well! Still it's a cute game and very safe!
i am a ford guy.  you get to drive all kinds of ford vehicles.  i have never finished this game bet i had fun with this game.
My husband and son play this game all the time and love it.
Its good game and I wish that it be region free
Game is very fun. Fast paced action like any other SSB game. The fact that it's portable is icing on the cake. Great cast line up and awesome level design.
A glorified game similar to Candy Crush. IMHO ,  Lame.
Slow combat, characters use double edged weapons as only single edged weapons. They never use the back edge. Horrible game and company overall.
Im so confused by this game, why cant I just hunt monsters?
Had the PS3 version of this game but the PS4 release its the definitive version. Great action, its uncharted but with a female character.
do yourself a favor and rent this game before you decide to spend your hard earned cash on it.
..."followed James Kidd", then the game ruins it with a stupid mission and you'll stop playing because trial and error sucks, I do enough of that at work.
I never really played alot of Rare games, but this is great to play games of developers in their prime!
They killed COD. I don't even remember why i bought this game... Multiplayer sucks, 2 shots and you are dead.
Great fun game.  My kids love this.
Kids loved it!  Great figure and game system!
But others might rate it higher, especially if they like games of this nature/type.  I felt the story was lackluster and the gameplay was awful, but hey, that's just my opinion.
It's a great game, but buying it by disc and installing it can be very problematic or impossible on pc's. I don't really recommend buying this game by cd.
Worst game ever unless you are very patient very young child, way to juvenile and very very frustratingly awful in all respects. trust me.
IMO, a disappointing game overall. Sloppy and clunky controls, tedious SP missions, glitchy in both SP and MP, save your money for Black Ops or BF3.
I haven't mastered it yet but I do understand the game.
An enjoyable expansion to the game.  Personally I find this one almost as fun as the Pirates one.  Lots of land to explore that allows for you to stretch your horse's legs easily :)
The game is terrible,  they are killing Mario Party.  At this point, Wii Party U is better. They need to go back to the roots.
Good campaign story, crap multi-player just like all COD games
Good game, even though its dieing these days.
Have always loved this game and will continue to play is no matter how old I am. Lots of twists and turns.
I've played every generation of pokemon games, and this is the first time I've been disappointed. After the strides made in XY, I was expecting more out of this.
goood game awful forced stealth mission tho be prepared.
Awesome game, can't get enough. Graphs and gameplay are both great. It is the perfect mix between arcade and simulation in my opinion. I recommend to any asphalt eater! ;)
wouldn't stay calberated on games  had to re calberate it several times
if you want a good lego game go with batman,starwars or harry potter.its a puzzle game but its not good. I bought it becouse I had to not becouse I wantted to....
I was not expecting to get this game in German...
5 stars because my boyfriend loves this game. I personally don't get into games like this. But it came in like new condition and arrived on time.
Avoid this game save your money or throw it in the street it would be more fun than this.
I liked the Collector's Edition's additions, but the strategy game-play wasn't up my alley
I will show Infinite love with the video game and Show more to my relatives and my friends. I love it
Good story line but the game play itself is disappointing. This is a pure shooting but basically you just have monsters running at you in a tunnel.
This is a fighting game not fantasy adventure game and its cool. I totally like this game just wish it had more characters from DC universe
the elf chick is good looking and fun to play as. she has the jiggles. the dialog is funny. i liked to play this game very much. the end was pretty cool!
I love this game! The clues are great and this game is challenging at times. I think this would be perfect for an adult or a child. I highly recommend this game
this game has everything a car fan is looking for. very very good. gt is the best racing gsme by far.
very glichty game  spended 30 mins  trying to figure out how to exit  mansion and glitch walls in bottom floor u can see  upsayirs tru texture
this game is complete trash. i already uninstalled it. never to be played again.and i had 3 lvl 60's hardcore in this game, so ive played it. its boring, and it isn't diablo.
it a hard case to beat but I hope I can unlocked more games
All these games could fit on a floppy disc. For full price, they should give buyers all the games in the series.
This was my first PlayStation 4 game and it showed the beauty of the system.
Hated it.  Great franchise game, love the majority of them.  You want this game, email me and you can have it for $5.
Average graphics, slow gameplay, insanely shallow dialogue, and cheesy music. Need I say more?
I wanted this game to be good so bad but it just wasn't. Don't believe the hype....it's an awful game!
its kind of a weak story line.  game-play is more awful than than the new duke nukem ... its not a free roam fps game like halo.
WOT the worst online free to play game.  would not waist time or money on this , it will just leave you feeling ripped off.
Another Borderlands 2 DLC that is not even close to the game's difficulty levels. Incredibly difficult and yet rated only level 40 for the most part.
Hi, back again. Watch Dogs is basically the broken brother of gta v. Dont waste 60 bucks on this game as it looks like crap. Good day.
The game came in way sooner than expected and I'm completely addicted to this game. This is a must buy for any godfather/gamer fan.
I got this game for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it.
Easy to play for my 6 yr old he  was very happy with the game.
Haven't played all of them yet.What we have played, have been great. Recommend it to everyone who enjoys games.
Great headset, I also own the sennheiser game zeros and I prefer the sound of these much more. Also like the mic a lot more then the sennheisers
THIS GAME BROUGHT MY CHILDHOOD BACK!!!!!This game is so much fun, transform every now and then and beat the crap out of the Decepticons, no multiplayer crap, just a good old fashioned game
LOL. Final fantasy should be removed from the game cos it is boring and not free.
Great game if you have lots of friends with 3ds', but alone this game sucks. The multiplayer is regularly laggy.
This game is super cool and super fun! It's REALLY hard to 100% the achievements, but they're all doable.
This was a gift to my boyfriend who says that the game is pretty good.
My daughter simply loves the sims games.  This one worked very well and she has gotten a lot of fun out of it.
This game lets me have the childhood dog my parents would never let me have.
Fantastic game, if you enjoyed Fallout 3 you'll love Fallout 4!
Amazing game. Now that its backwards compatible on xbox one there is new life in this game. Really well done physics.
This is one of the best games on the 3DS.  My son played this game until he finished it and then played it again because it was so much fun.
worst pc graphics not worth it , it looks worst than mw3 and this supposed to be next gen get the hell out here, played BF4 and now thats a game worth playing compare to this garbage
This game should be free. The graphics and movement are garbage and the presentation is minimal. I don't know how they could sell this game to their fans.
this game was rated no. 1! It sucks ask
I got it because I liked the tv series and the two movies,so when I found out about this game,I was happy. But I started playing and it was horrible.
Wasn't sure how I was going to like this game but ended up beating it.  I really enjoyed the story line and game play.
This game is terrible in all aspects.  It does not shine in a single category.  It also poses a serious health hazard to young children.
This is terrible.  Brain dead story, horrible controls, crap game play, insane difficulty and not even worth playing and one of the lamest endings ever.
terribly game its kind of junkie home alone one is wayyyyyyy better i prefer that game!
Excellent game console, elegant, useful, intuitive interface, great graphics, lots of features
Need to get another. It was used ,I t kept  freezing up. Have to keep restarting it. I think its the game itself,not the person who shipped it.
very pleased with game works great i enjoy playing the game thankful with nice service and pleased purchase, thank you
For me the controls were far to difficult. Didn't like the gameplay. Just couldn't stand the game overall.  I threw it away after about an hour trying it. What a waste of money
This one shouldve stayed with just one. GR was fun. This one was just ok. I felt that the added features were just inconviniences that slowed the game down. Not the best tactical shooter.
Do not purchase this game. It's nothing but junk.
Game uses Torrent variant to update itself. Game does not disclose this information. My ISP blocks all torrent applications without exception. Ergo I cannot play the game.
I've never given up on a game before, but this one was no fun at all. I'm moving on.
Is the best karaoke game ever! There are a lot of songs at the online store for you to download.
Horrible mouse, just stops working for 30 - 60 seconds randomly, worthless as a basic mouse, couldn't imagine trying to game with it.Sent it back.
looks amazing the gameplay and story line are top quality A++
Love the remote play option so my wife can watch her shows whIle I game
My daughter loves i Carly so we got her the game for her Nintendo DS.  She hasn't stopped playing it since Christmas.
a straight forward walk, point, and shoot game.  Seems like they rushed to get this out to the stores without spending the time to design it well.
Wow, great single player game and online is awesome!! Will be one of the better games of the year, either system...
I've played the Fire Emblem Awakening and it was pretty good but this new ones are much better. The gameplay and graphics are beautiful
Really Fun video game. I bought it for my brother and I can't stop playing it. Ive played the others and I would have to say that this one is the best
The book lack of details of movement & game gear keys.  Book only have summary in each area of the game with hint.  Map not clear on treasury.
I love this game and it is so much fun to play with, with your kids. It has so much trivia. It came in perfect condition without any flaws.
Is this some kind of joke? Everyone knows that this is one of the worst games ever made. Just watch the Angry Video Game Nerd's review.
My thirteen-year-old grandson plays this game and loves it.
Basic Indie game priced with an AAA game's tag.
You cannot play this game without arcade sticks because the controls are horrible. The worst street fighter controls ever in my opinion.
Most wii games suffer from a poor ratio of playtime-to-nonplaytime, and sadly, despite the high ratings, this game is no different. It's like being stuck in bumper-to-bumper rush hour traffic.
5 stars because is one of the greatest games and came in perfect conditioni cant ask no more of an item
a lot of enjoyment this one is with a lot of action I like it and it has some puzzle element as well for this type of game
The game itself didn't work at all and that was disappointing, no matter what I did it always froze, unclear if DLC downloads though.
The game is a classic! Even though it has been around for a while, my daughter has spent many hours playing this game and loves it!
I gave this game as a Christmas gift so I don't know much about the game but I do know the player likes this series of games.
This Xbox Live enabled title will begin turning double plays, throwing brush back pitches and clearing the fences for the 2003 Major League Baseball season. But this is the worst X-Box game... sort of.
makes loud whining sound when playing game. tried other games and found it was the dvd making the noise.
Great game but it said new and when it arrived I opened it to find the bottom data side of the disk was entirely coated in a nasty film like it was in murky water for months.
I love not making monthly subscriptions. I don't see how subscription games can compete with this. The different skills per weapon is pretty awesome also.
Horrible game, and the lead designer is a total twat who spends all his time tweeting about how horrible white people are. Jokes on you, your game SUCKS...BIG TIME
Many different games to play around the neighborhood. It gave us all a laugh, especially that you can play on the playground.
Everything about this game is BAD, well there is one good thing about this game though, you'll get to laugh at how bad the game is while playing it
This is by much the best form for make a gift to someone you love,  i really recomend this game
didn't get a game code. couldn't even play the game. from amazon.
A good quality game in my opinion black ops 2 is still the better game.
simply just not my kind of game. too cartoonish and graphis aren't much better.thumbs down on this one. thank you
This is the worst game i have ever played.  If i bought this from amazon i would ask for my money back.
I did not like this game. The kart was very difficult to control but the game was also very boring on top of that. I tried it twice and then sold it.
it felt good to play an old favorite on a newer system. great game.
This is a really good game i been playing this when i was a young boy i bought it  to bring back the memories great game a total classic
I found myself bored and regretting shopping the bargain bin for this one. The game play is just not that exciting. Good music does not make up for a lousy game.
Game freezes up alot and will not go to actual size of my screen, seems to be a knock off or burned game but i can deal with it for the price i guess
please don't buy this game. i played the demo and it sucked. there will be plenty of racing games soon enough
This would be a great game except for the glitch that makes it impossible to proceed past the first training mission, which makes it impossible to play the rest of the game.
Downloaded, played the first act, climbed the tower, game completely glitched.  Tried to fix it fifteen different ways to no avail.
I bought this for my Wii U to play some action games, and older Wii sports titles. Works great and was a great price.
But that's to be expected. I got it for a decent enough price and it's a pretty easy start for people looking to collect games
One of the best computer games of all time
Great video game. Takes you back to the original  devil may cry series,  I own all the devil may cry video games and this one can hold its own. I Highly recommend.
A Christmas gift for my oldest son. There are a large number of gamers in the family and this was the game he wanted the most and has been playing it frequently since Christmas.
I enjoyed the game very much, good graphics, puzzles were very challenging and fun. I would buy other games from this vendor
this game does not work on anything but a computer running xp or lower. if you have vista or windows 7 do not bother with the game
The wonder world amusement park is so much fun my entire family loves this game.  It like have a family game night on the Wii.
so....... the show comes to be a crap game *chuckles* i laugh at it. Rocket Power?!? why not a guy who stands still the whole game. that would be better.
Better than far cry3. I just play on campaign mode. Great game.
its a pain to try and plug the controllers into it. not the best design, I would skip pass this one. I traded it in at my local game store to get a better one.
Seriously 10/10 one of the best games i have ever played in my life. Amazing game play, graphics, incredible story line.
One of my fav video games! I love it!
Once again i,ve brought a game that I don't know how to play or either it just does not work
This is a gamers fun and my gamer enjoys it immensely and is playing and blowing things up just like always.  Great game
Our son really enjoyed Sonic Boom. He used it for both Spyro's Adventure and the Giants game. It was a lot of fun to watch.
This chat cable for the ps4 sounds horrible,it has no adjustment,chat sounds to loud and can't hear the game! To bad because my turtle beach TANGOS sound great on my ps3!
The graphics looks awesome. I like the presentation of the game and how it runs on the PS4.
They should not make hard copies to online games only. What a waste.
Mic portion would not work on xbox one...only could hear game through it...the headphones literally died after 2 months..save your money and buy an afterglow pair or better
Great game! Give it a chance! Most of the issues that are present will be fixed via patch in no time!
I lo es the first game, Love this one as well And it comes with the first bayonetta in An extra disc, awesome bundle
After reading most reviews thought this game was going to be good. Not a fan of the mechanics or game play at all!
Never received my packaged and I was really excited to play this game!!
I love this game for many reasons but i rather say its good to know you can always find out more history about what really happen in Racoon City
This red pak is intended for expending RAM space for N64 games, I strongly recommend it for a gamers' enjoyment.
It is Uncharted with Lara CroftPros:Great CinematicsNice gameplayOne of the best graphicsHardImmersiveLongMatureCons:It take longer times to load than on my Xbox 360Too hard for starter playersOverall this is a really great game for hardcore players
Why do people like this game? Haven't there been like 12 of these games already? Why haven't they decided to have good controls?
Makes my Wii games look so much better on my HDTV! Hard to believe it's so tiny...
We waited so long, for this? The game is just one long aggravation after another. I believe the objective of the game is to see how long you can go without burning it.
This game is good for challenges. I enjoy challenging visitors and family members. I have always enjoyed street fighter games.
This game is boring and has a very annoying camera so it is hard to tell what you are doing at some points.  I would say its worth a rental, but that is about it.
Love the Wii but included were 2 games. One being Super Mario. Niether game works...
The PS3 was OK. How can this one even begin to compare? But how else are we going to play all of those unfortunate zelda games?
Dark Kingdom ok if you like hack an slash gauntlet type games.after awhile it become BORING unlike Gauntlet excitement.
Why is this game being advertised on television as if it is a new game?  It is a year old and apparently a port to the PC.
Best game i've played in long time :)
didn't like it . no control over when where or how performed the tasks in game
The game wasn't messed up! It kept freezing up at a certain part of the game. Not try a be a boob, but I'm just sayin.....
If you're gonna get this game, get on PlayStation if you have the original system!  The controls on GameBoy are next to impossible!
When you get down to it, this is a pretty half-assed game. No real story, just forced dramatics with a character you won't care about, and no real resolution. Zero replay value.
This game is pretty good man, you should really buy. i recommend you shoot stuff  better than wolfenstini hoped i help
No maps in the game made me struggle just to figure out where the hell to go.i like a little chalenge but i don't like feeling pissed off.
What can you say..........I spend an entire weekend in my Lazy Boy playing this game non-stop. It will draw you in with the amazing graphics and story telling.
I never thought I would love this game so much
A cult classic strategy game re-imagined as a medicore FPS. Enough said? Sounds like more FPS's are what we need as gamers these days...
Every once in a while, a game comes along that is - a work of art. RED DEAD REDEMPTION is such an event! Experience it soon....
The gameplay on this game is simply fun. Worth $60, and I think I'd actually pay that again. Please buy this one...man it was fun.
This product works well if you have a nintendo wii and would like to play a gamecube game with the option of being able to save your progress in the game.
Great game, solid graphic. The game-play is amazing and addictive.
this game has had me hooked on it ever since i got it.  this game is extremely realistic and the stuff you can do never ends in the game
The kids just don't play it I don't know why but they just didn't seem to like this game at all .
Returned it before opening after reading the reviews, and ratings for this game.
This is the worst fifa ever!!! realistic my a**, you can't even do a simple pass. Summarizing, stay with the fifa 13, this game is not worth it.
This is the perfect Xbox game for a younger child.  It's repetitive and simplistic enough that they can play with little frustration on their own. I wish there were more Xbox games like this.
i cant sya how muck i hate this game enough they mad suck a good game b 4 with number 2 i guess they decided to do some really bad drugs and make a game
Impressive graphics and gameplay for a wii game.
I will change to 5 stars once they patch the input lag issue. The lag is 2x slower than the SNES version. Don't let capcom rob consumers with a subpar version of this game
could of been so good but game controls suck.Seller did well however.
WOW this game dosn't even have naruto in it as a character, why even play chinese games without nardo WOW0/10 worst chinese game ever
Bad game, it is very hard to finish so missions. I can't waste my time on video games.
The game simply does not run on my mac.You should have said something about PowerPC applications.
I have bought these cables before for my gamecube and have never experienced any problems. I bought them again for an n64 and they are great!
just stop with these games, they've sucked forever, this one is just too hard and cheesy. die mega man or x or zero or whatever the main character is now.
IT IS OK. The boss is almost impossible to beat so you will have a hard time beating the game. The older ones were a lot better.
Excellent game to play with the family. Love the graphics engine.
not much to say about this either, it is traditionally a great game. I love football even though my team is sucking this year. I can make up for their mistakes and by playing madden.
This game is so glitchy and lags that it ruins the fun of the game play. It's probably a really fun game, but I got frustrated after 20 minutes.
Was a ton of fun, but got old and boring pretty quick.  This is the only PS4 game i've bought and sold.
I had to return this game because I bought it for my grandson and didn't realize he already had this game.He loves it even though he got it from somewhere else.
Best console ever as always Microsoft really coll awesome graphics and the games are the best I just wanna be whit my xbox one every day
I can't get enough Nancy Drew Games there so much fun and I'm 3 games away from having all 19 games and will be waiting for the new one it's never soon enough.
This game is pretty fun. Lots the sports in the game: volleyball, marina racing, flag racing, pool hopping and plenty more! Also there are lots of cute bathing suits to collect!
perfect game! hard to start off, but once you compeate ti once it becomes easy.
My 6 year old son loves this game. Have had it for several months and still enjoys it.
I do not like a thing about this game. It says for win7, but its hard to work and i just hate this game.
This game cannot be purchased, you can only rent it due to the horrible DRM system. Don't support customer abuse; don't buy this game until Ubisoft removes the product activation limit!
Stop giving me imported games so I can't download dlc.
that most really good game is great this MortalKombat're stuck for a year now and not bore us form our super-tournaments vs MortalKombat recommended the best I've played ..
Nothing great. Yet another Valve game that seems to be well behind other games of the same category.
This game is not creative or challenging. It does not offer a lot of thought and becomes quite boring and is now gathering dust on a shelf.
- Comfortable for long gaming sessions- Multitude of customization options (keybinds , Macros)- Easy to understand software to accompany the device- Drivers and software is continuously updatedHighly recommended for serious pc gamers .
awesome racing game. good game play. i like it and i like the graphics. got good camera angles and it feels like you are actually the driver.
The 24-in-1 case allows me to take all of my games on the go.  I no longer have a small selection!
was not  as impressed with this game as  The r eviews  suggested I would be
This game was a let down. Just wasn't for me.
This game wasn't very fun because when you start the game it just says "Kill all of the enemy units" without telling you how to do it.
The controls suck. period. makes you not want to play the game. the character moves like he has arthritis. And im mad because it looked like a really interesting story.
I really don't like this game play is too slow
The entire uncharted series is fun toplay, if you like first person shooter games then you'll have to get this entire game collection!
code worked as expected and could buy in game content right away
This game looks terrible. I bought it for a cheap price and couldn't be bothered to open the game. I sold it for a profit and laughed all the way to the bank.
This game is protected by star force. You will be unable to play this on most systems.
Normally I love Sonic The Hedgehog but this was the worst game Ive ever played in my life. Do not buy this game.
We have never been able to get this program to work. We had people that do gameing as a hobby and they could not work the game.
horrible multiplayer game.  the camera is terrible.
The game is super slow while switching between screens and the controls are not at all intuitive....AVOID!
One of the most boring games I've ever played. Older ones in the series were better.
this is a near perfect game in every aspect. and it performs much better on a mac than on a PC. buy it now...u won't regret it.
Is a very hard game if you don't have experience with Hitman.But like always 17 is the best of alls. Hahahah you'll enjoy this game.
I love  this  game it  has  cool music and  cool cars and  nice jumps and I can fix  up my cars  I really  like  this  game
Hard game, just not my type of game. I'm sure other people will probably love it, I'm not of them I guess.
was advertised as "Good" but arrived in less than two days without the extra shipping and handling and the game itself came in the original packaging with the Game Booklet! very impressed with the buy
For those who like to say the Vita doesn't have good games, I present Gravity Rush. It's not a good game, IT'S A GREAT GAME!!!
love the just dance games  fun  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
my 10 & 8 yr old love this game!
Now I am an addict to this game ! Graphics is amazing ! I love this game
Very cheaply made. That's what I get thinking that a game based off a tv show would be good. sigh.
This game takes too long to get through each section.
One of the best wii games in the market. Highly recommended. Best part for me is that Snake is a playable character!
Don't buy this game....Online is shut down for good
I loved Mario Tennis for the N64, so this was no different.  Great game!
Got the game very happy with it and can't wait to gift it out
Good game. Glad they made a campaign on this one. I don't play online as I hate getting abused by 12 year olds
very fun game was packaged really well and a great price for it
I like this game but I hope it have different call of duty for ps4
The variety of weapons & such in this game, coupled with the cooperative multiplayer almost makes up for the fact that the game is yet another repetitive & boring FPS.
bought used-good and got a new unopened game and never used cd key
poor graphics, game seems so buggy, that I decided to resell it in less than 48 hours
Worst rendition of NHL ever. Despite being strong graphically, the game overall play-ability was horrible.
Boring, repetitive fightmodes.  Meh freeplay.  It's a kid's game, nothing more.
THIS VERSION OF PS3 does not work well with some games. AND DESIGN OF THE CONSOLE is the worst.
i found out really quickly that i need bigger memory card but awesome deal. it was cheaper than a wifi only model retail and came with several games.
Not much cool stuff is added to the game with this expansion. Some new cars and costumes, but not nearly as much as some of the other stuff packs added
All the Sims games are used constantly, and this is the newest addition to our collection.  It's only just started being played, but the reaction of the kids to this game is phenomenal.
This game kind of sucks. Really below my expectations. I did not expect it to be so boring. Expected so much more especially after the delays in releasing this game.
Not enough content for what you pay for. EA should follow Rock Star and release everything for free. EA ruined a promising game.
This game is Exactly like Tetris! So don't get this game.
OMG!!!!!! Classic and awesome game made me feel like I was freaking 17 years old again. Love this game and it took less than a week to get it. I think I just piddled myself
What an abomination of a racing game this is. Terrible driving controls and a horrid plot make this game one of the worst NFS games ever.
I won't play a sitting game where a head shot doesn't kill the enemy.Waste of my time and money.
Before, I would have given this game at least a 4. But now it's just a paperweight. Servers are no longer active. I miss the 256 player wars...
Why support this crap when Monster Hunter 4 ultimate is being released tomorrow and has 100+ hours of gameplay with only a $39.99 price tag?
paused in middle of game had to restart game a few times but still pauses from time to time
nice game with regular and expert levels.  i play lots of time management games and this one was a bit different and very enjoyable
This game introduced me to the "Band" world on my little DS and I love it !  Cool songs with easy to use instrument pads !
This game is very slow and I got bored of it, and I'm still at the beginning of the game.
Wasn't a big fan of this game this is just me.
This game was loaded iwth malware and set off all of my virus alarms when I tried to load it.  Not worth sending back so I just tossed it.
Just beat the game and it was awesome.  Love Wolfenstein games always creative and fun to play.  Scary at times and keeps you off your seat with challenging bosses and troops.
this video game is kinda lame you have to use a flash light to kill these demon like things that try to come after you at night.
I need help getting this to work on my Win 10 PC! I tried the utility CD that came with this and i still couldn't get these games to work.
It's just a bit different from the Nintendo version of the pro remote, but it works perfectly! Finally able to play multiplayer games easier with another remote, and at a great price too!
I've played this trough multiple timesand now with a ONLINE feature it's even betterjust a really fun gamemoney well spent
My 7 year old son has enjoyed this game
One of my kids favorite games! My 11 year old and 5 year old are even able to play together
hard as heck! but the game was gold
This game isn't that good.  The battle is slow, and i just didn't like it Disagea looks much better get that or another rpg.  Don't waste your money on this game.
I would really like to play this game but I cant because of the flickering
Taken King fixed so many problems w/ the original Destiny release.  You can spend hundreds of hours with this game.  SO much content. Fantastic value in my opinion.
awful game poor graphics, don't like it at all...my son hates it... stay away from it...awful game awful game awful game
This game is for kids. Nothing good in the game for grown ups. Just played it for 5 minutes and did not play it again.
Unfortunately, that's not very long.  A splendid game made all but unplayable by bugs and crashes.  Get the PC version.
Works great for gamecube controllers to reach further.
This game gets really annoying when you base the entire game play on the stylus. The 3D graphics are just painful to look at. This is a Zelda title that could be skipped over.
This racing game is awesome to play. The music is good and the graphics are amazing. A great pick up for the Dreamcast.
That's how I describe the game. The game play and team play is alot better with BF3.I've owned the previous COD titles and this is just a little above Black Ops, really disappointing.
Well it works..But overpriced is the name of the game. MSD next time sony
Another good one with no Steam or key problems, but it may be a mittle shorter game than others in comparison, but worth it''
This game is way better than I was expecting. It is really good full of action and I can't stop playing it. Highly recommend
I totally agree that this game is way to dark, but it is challenging and enjoy that aspect.
One of the best games ever. Just like disney magical world 2
I guess I should have known this game would not work at all on my windows seven computer, however it does not work very well on a vista computer either.
Absolutely love this game.. when I'm not in games with people who don't know what teamwork is. :( But it's really fun to play with a couple friends!
awsome a little tricky to get used to from the 360, but awsome with the help guide and vquick start video some much more then just a game system.
Just not my type of game. Search every drawer, every computer, every door, every cabinet, every locker...ect. I want action damn it.
The game was fun at first but simply becomes monotonous after playing it 10-15 times. We also had some glitches with the game...and they occurred over and over every time!
Worst camera you can imagine, it works well with PS Move, but as a camera per se... its awful. Get it only for Move games were its not recording images.
also this game tends to have a sound error every few hours! loltis a good game my leige
No competitive matches or core marches since launch..i days now and no word from developer to fix. Save your money on pc buy any other game but this.
game did not work properly and I uninstalled it.
I've loved this game since I was a kid and had to re buy it since I lost my old one. The game came fast and free of damage, basically brand new.
This was a birthday gift for my teenage grandson It is challenging and he loves it.  It has the challenges gamers love.
Came in great shape, and on time...Great DS game, thanks :) My 2 boys (age 8 & 9) Love all DS games they have played.
Classic game brought back with better graphics.  Love the story and gameplay
Best game for hours and hours of fun. Everyone knows this one.
Fun find it type games.  There are just enough puzzles to make it a little challenging.  The artwork is very nice.
game is poorly designed fishing does not work the wii is garbage it does not read movements the games do not work or if they do their fustrating and difficult
Just another copy and paste game. I had hope for this game but it just wasn't good. My career is the same matches over and over, the same promos... Wait until it's 19.99
I enjoyed the game and would recommend it to anyone who is new to rpg
I thought this was for the old atari system 2600. When I got this game it did not fit in the system. Very disappointed. I used to love this game when I was a kid.
its kind of a weak story line.  game-play is more awful than than the new duke nukem ... its not a free roam fps game like halo.
I have enjoyed playing this game. You get to plant corn and other vegetables. Play this game several times a day
This is the same as farming simulator 13  all they did is change the tractor on the cover and the year by next year nobody will be playing this game much
Great game and fast shipping. I am a huge fan of these games
i thought this game was for the 360... my bad...
Not a fan of playing vs. other people. Storyline gameplay is good. Much more fun to play the zombie match and with friends.
L.A. Rush PS2 video Game very nice game
Becuase i'm getting high ping on servers. EA is making the game bad by seperate all people to go on a EA server and then to respawn data center server.
Got here when said and came almost in condition specified. Came in a different case that wasn't meant for GameCube games, but worked well enough
It also doesn't like my computer. Probably won't buy another game without first finding a demo or borrowing it from someone. Too many game failures lately.
This game is not made anymore but I had to rate it 5 stars as it was so awesome. Look it up on youtube!
bought this by accident i didn't realize the kinect already came with this game. sent this game to my brother-in- law in mexico, so far so good, brand new great price.
My original game was old and over-used but it did it's job. Now with my replacement I can continue having fun.
Great game . It was a gift for Christmas
Most have claimed it works on ps1 but this one does not for any of my ps1 games. Meh meh.
This game doesn't do the Grandia franchise justice.  It's better to just pretend Grandia never made this mistake.
Though I am a fan of Professor Layton and Phoenix Wright as separate series, I found this game more tedious than enjoyable.
This game stinks! The disc its on isn't worth using as a frisbee.
The crystal thing is a lame cash grab.  You do not need them to unlock "own all" special items thankfully.  I absolutely hate the way they look in gameplay.
This is probably the most frustrating game I've ever played. It's very repetitive and pointless. How is this game getting 5 star reviews?
Not only is it a great ps4 game, it's a great game in general. Awesome graphics and amazing story. A vast open world and you have superpowers! What more do you want?
This is a great game. If you like the souls games you need to get this.
So far so good it saves the games that need to be saved.  I would buy another one if I had to.
I was hyped up from Black Flag and hoped that the Assassins Creed franchise had finally turned a corner. I bought this game and realized that they had not.
A game that has great trailers turns out to be garbage. I mean you have to hide the whole time. Bullets are rare and you cant just fight them straight up you have to hide
The animation was beautiful and the game play is fun, the story line is great and fun. They read the dialect even when its not in a cut scene. It is Awesome,
work great help me shoot better and have alot more control while playing basicly any game i would buy more if needed.
Haven't used it yet. I got it to go along with my BF's Skyward Sword game for the holidays, but it IS the WiiU version.
It is a beautiful game, but contains nudity, and monsters also a naked woman, this is contrary to our religion
Great quality and it was shiped on time very good packaging, kids love to play the games and lots of fun for the whole family and friends.
This game is great i have both of them wish they would continue it
I never got to far playing this game. Up to the first save and after that I'm stuck and can't proceed in the game. So I really didn't like this game.
wonderful product they fit the game  cartridges nicely and look good at the same time
This is one of the biggest pieces of junk available. It no longer works in any updated dsi, dsi xl or 3ds. Just comes up saying game and watch game is installed although it is not
Ape Escape 3 is got Metal Gear Solid, my favorite game, has a mini-game.
A "must have" for the PS3; and absolute revolutionary and now classic game. Enough said.
Anyone who has played the DS1/2 know immediately that this... is a giant pile of garbage.  This has to be the worst game I've ever played in terms of franchise murder.
How can you go wrong with 17 games from one of the best game series' ever! You can't! Great buy, great games!
I bought the game for my son he said he wanted and said he can't even fight inThe game freezes and can't even play
this game is very funit is a very reallistic army game tooi just don't like everything about like the whole 4 people can get killed by one silly guy
This is another one of the games I don't understand how to use it or what to do with it.
Was interested in this game until I read all of the reviews about Origin. I will most certainly never buy this and will likely approach any EA product with a great deal of hesitation.
Recommended 100% (but don't miss ur prayers)Actually i bought the game for my brothers and they cant stop playing it.great graphics. overall great game.
In my opinion this is the best game in the series! Great storyline with all sorts of twists! Hope that uncharted 4 come soon!
Fun game I like FPS's on PC but not on consoles so much. This is a great alternative for me as it's not as fast paced or twitchy like COD or BF1 etc.
This game is awesome! I love it!
Every movement is slow, game looks like crap, there is only one objective and that is shoot the guy. That's it. Junk game.
Didn't like this game, it was not fun to play at all.  Maybe its for someone else but not me.  I am stuck with it now I guess.
Loved the Tiger Woods golf games on the xbox 360. Figured on the Xbox1 this game would be great. This game sucks, and like someone posted its basically an overpriced demo. Sucks
I'm not going to try the expansion pack because the original game left much to be desired especially in regards to server signal strength.
Excellent old skool Alien game.  Awesome game.  It was in good shape too.
Wish I had watched youtube before buying this game. Lesson learned.
This game is not as easy as it may seem.  Just when I think I've drilled close to the bottom, I get smashed by a block!  Fun, addictive play.
These gloves must have been made before the game was released, because there is no way you can play this game with the gloves on your hand!
plays horribly, controls suckdon't waste your money this game stinks bigtime
Very good game, very exciting and challenging.
This is probably one of the best games on the market.  I would reccomend it for anyone.
I ordered this game to play while I was traveling. This game made the trip seem shorter great product and plan order from this shipper again.
Great game I wish they would make more like this. Still play it. I love the chainsaw and blowing up the witches lol.
Great game especially with the new price not much to talk about for this game it's just great
One of the best games I've played to date.  Excellent story as well.  Great job..
what a lame game...very cheap...just awful...stay away...staring at a light bulb is more fun then this game..
its a really fun game me and my daughter we play this all the time i am glad i got it for the price i did at the time
Everytime the game updates there is a chance of you save being corrupted so i just give up on all these batman games. Every game has this problem and the publisher doesnt care.
Really dumb game - ugly set ups and boring
The game is not interesting enough to make you wan't to keep playing. Bought because wanted something new to play.
What can I say, while I made it through the game, there is nothing to draw me back. Next time Blizzard shouldn't just sit on their butt and make cash off WoW.
Really enjoyed this. Each of the games are a big difficult to start. FarCry 3 has come a long way from FarCry 2.
i don't really play my ps vita becasue the lack of good games they have out. but this came gives me a reason to play.
Amazing game. Loved every minute of it. Also, like others have said, this game will go down as one of the best PlayStation games you've ever played
pretty good game. nothing spectacular but not horrible.
This is a marketing strategy for gamers who still haven't purchased a nextgen, to force them into getting one! The price slash on the nextgens are welcomed and gamers will eventually need to upgrade!
My kids may like this game but I find the quirkiness of the controls annoying when I have to keep helping them.
Embarrassed I bought this game as well as Valhalla Knights. Ya dig mayne.  Wag one.  Rude boy.  An ting.  .
The game was in french!!!! GRRRR I wish it would specify somewhere much more clearly... at least the game worked well...
One of the best games available on PS3. It's underrated and has an interesting alchemy crafting system.
Product is super, came with original case and game book and came on time as promised. Totally satisfied with this purchase. Bought this 3 years ago and its still holding strong.
this in maybe the worst game released for ps4 console so far !!! looks to me that this is a joke game , a total humiliation for a new GEN gamers !...
One of the best Japanese style action games ever made! Great graphic. Complicated control. Versatile weapons and fighting style. One of the last great Japanese style action games.
horrible system... Graphics suck. Get an xbone... COD is way better than these crap games. Xbone and ps4 are a go DONOT BUYYYY
Fun interactive game for kids. It holds my child's attention and it is rewarding for them when they complete actions in the game
I was not a fan of the single player level design or the generic, 'something is missing' multiplayer. Beautiful graphics and a modest storyline do not make up for shoddy gameplay.
I can't figure out how to play it.  There are no instructions and it is different from other games I have bought in the past.  I haven't been able to use it.
I did not care for this game. However that is just my personal taste.
The game required an online subscription which cost $12.99 a month to work.  This should have been made clear in the description.
At first I enjoyed the game, then I played against "zoners" who basically cheese on the same repetative projectile and stay om the far end so you cant fight back
No where in the description does it say you need an internet connection to play the bonus material.  There is an update required to play it, without connectivity ypur game is DOA.
The game is very nice and my little daughter loves it, it has songs in english and spanish so its a lot of fun for us
the graphics is pretty good on this game, but the game play sucks. it's not worth your money.
Very disappointed. This game did not do it for me. There was nothing I liked about it. I wasted my money.
This game sux.  I don't see why so many people rave about it.
This product was highly anticipated and I have several friends who bought it so we could play together.  However, now we have to not play because Blizzard can't release a game to save their life.
Great great great game if u played it before on 360 this one is better graphics and contains all 3 of the games in one wow just wow love this series
Quite a buggy game.  There are definitely some improvements to the game mechanics, but there are still some mind-numbing defects in this game.  It comes off like a private Beta more than a release-ready product.
This game is literally like staring down a turtle for ten hours. Repetitive, slow, boring.
The game play on this game meets all the media hype!! If you are into the first-person shooters, this is a must have.
Worst game I have played on the PS3.  Would have given it zero stars if possible.
This game runs better on the PS4 due to the demanding graphics. Xbox one is only 720p while this made was made for 1080p
Uncharted sucks. Don't play bad games. If you are a fan of just okay actions movies and bad game play the Uncharted games are meant for you.
bought this for my brother who really loves these games
great potential but ruined by constant glitches, no good endgame content, max'd lvl gear only a few hours after hitting level cap, then nothing left to do but min/max
Great product for the environmentally concerned gamer. Works well! I only wish I was longer, but that is neither here nor there.
I love the game but hate that i cannot play it since my computer is not ancient :(
Great game. Not that popular, still a great game, everything ok and no issues with Thank you!
Boring,boring,boring game. No challenge whatsoever.  Basically press X to clear most areas when you need to hack. Some similarities to the GTA series with police car chases. Zero fun.
Players are not different enough cause you only get Tiger.I dislike how putting is done.Too many arcade elements for a "sim" game.CPU AI is not worth playing against.
One of the worst golf games I've purchased.
great value for money handy for saving games on the playstation wat time i can i remember this only holds 15 spaces on it
Great game. Very deep. Highly recommend.
The original Spyro is an incredibly fun game. Although not nearly as refined as Year of the Dragon, or Ripto's Rage, the classic Spyro is still hours of fantastic entertainment.
My son loves this game. We buy him the new version every year and it arrives in his Easter basket. This year is no different. He Loves It!
A really good product that's easy to use. Now that I got the sensitivity of the thumb sticks all figured out, i csn turn180 instantly in my shooter games.
this is my favorite game ever! was delivered days before said date!
It was a let down. The game didn't even work. But I am not mad. I will still continue to buy from Amazon.  I would assume this came would have been great though.
This was the game that gave me a taste of nostalgia for the WCW Versus NWO Revenge/WWF WrestleMania 2000 era.
Very fun! The controls are easy and gameplay is smooth. I got it on sale for $11 here on amazon.... and it is well worth it! Buy!
Won't even let you play it until you update the game that's just dumb
awesome game..was played for hours..gave as gift..still going strong
great game!!!!  was hard to find in retail, but seller described product accurately and delivered when promised!  A++++++ seller!!!!
1 was better the game is a little to easy at some points and it can get boring quick
The game is alright and that gameply is somewhat decent. I would definity say that this game has more of a action feel to it rather than horror.
This game I truly enjoyed playing! The gameplay is steps above the first Viewtiful Joe and the plot surely has you wanting to play again & again!
This is a great game. I am still trying to play Sims don't know all the tricks and how to do a lot of the stuff but it's fun learning.
Fun game....not as robust as some...but very enjoyable. Just starting to play games like this but this is pretty good.
Very good game , love playing it and it was good as new ,  ThankYou very much,
it's a very interesting and exciting game, every time i play it i enjoy a lot
This is literally Madden 25 with updated game mods. Graphics look the same, same mechanics, practically the same.
Thought this would be a fun game, until I went through the training and in the combat training I can't even find the targets I can see on the big map...disappointing...
Without a doubt, the worst game ever. Poorly programmed, poorly executed, and ruined by EA nonsense. Now they have killed Maxis. This shows how terrible of a company EA is.
i guees its an ok game i just coundn't get into it all that much
This is a really dumb, meaningless game.  Glad I didn't pay for it.  Spend your money wisely and on other DS games.  Any one of them is better than this.
didn't like it - was expecting something more like the Pacman that came out for playstation 1, but this is disappointing. They just don't make pacman/sonic games like they used to...
EA Sports continues to ruin what used to be a marquee game. Load screens take forever, and general movement through the game takes forever, making the game awful. Long live Madden 94 on Sega!
Great game to get the kids to moving. My grand-daughter loves it.
good game, but this is just for the intro missions.  I had to make a battlenet account and buy the rest of the game for ANOTHER $30.  Not cool.
Bought at Gamestop.This game sucks!You can't leave the game at the end of the match.You can't talk to your friends when the game is loading.So much lag!!!
The entire game and season pass, this was cheaper than the season pass alone, recommended to fans of Ghosts
the game dident work on my refurbished gamecube system i got from gamestopi love this game and disappointed i coulden't even play it :(
x box one is awesome and so is the game
Players are not different enough cause you only get Tiger.I dislike how putting is done.Too many arcade elements for a "sim" game.CPU AI is not worth playing against.
Capcom is working on a Special Edition version of this game, where it will have a new character to play as, and extra bonus stages.
This ps4 video game has great details of the midevil times. I really like midevil games.
Best fighting game ever, killer graphics and the figures mode is so addictive. With no doubt I'll give it a 5.
Spent 2 days beating it just to beat it only to find a glitch in beginning of game where if you stay rather than run in 15 mins you beat the game. Lame.
Is this really a game? Somehow with the many people I've tried to play this with, not a single person had fun for more than 5 minutes total.
You need to use the Kinet to play this game and is super confusing.  Try other titles, not this one.
This are a great action and adventure game specially for those who like war fighting games, because of the quality of it, and because of the graphics it have that are amazing
Hard for my 5 year old to get the games out and it falls apart a lot
Does not work, have tried multiple times and my system has ample ram, processing and disk space to handle this game.
Great game,  love the Agatha Christie games,  wish there was more of them.  Good story,  good graphics.
Played smoothly until I tried to load my save game the next day (I have Window 10 )
A definite challenge, both single player and online. I am just becoming a FPS fan...this game is a huge challenge for me...Happy Holidays,Smacka
No real instructions as to how to win the levels. I played for about an hour and am still stuck on the first level. Too hard for a moderate gamer like me.
Interesting story of adding all these heroines gameplay is quite nice
This game is a drag unless you are a serious strategy and tactics buff.  My nephew (15) hated it for the slow play and lapses in action.
I'd love to  be able to play this game but I would need a copy on CD. I can't access the internet from my Windows machine.
this has to be  by far the worst gamecube game ever made
HATE THIS GAME!!!!  Such a good premise, but a poorly executed fundamental and working model. So unenjoyable the way the game is able to be played.  Ask Rockstar for help!!!!
Not the type of game that I'm into.
Lets simulate playing going to work, having kids, paying bills, eating food and going to the washroom.....OH THE FUN!!!  This game sucks.
The game is the greatest.  I ve played games with baseball and this is far the best.  Thanks.
So many journalists wanted this to be Game of the Year, but I don't understand why - while it looks and plays great, the gameplay itself is chaotic and busy.
I cant even activate the stupid game the DRM is so overly complicated and this was a waste of money
One of my favorite games of all time. It's not perfect but there's plenty of fun to be had.
Most boring and difficult game EVER to play.
Terrible game.  This is nothing more then an over priced DLC.  I'm throwing in the towel with the Battlefield franchise.  It has turned into garbage.
didn't hold up to the Thief legacy, was a bit predictable and gameplay was not enjoyable to me
I paid $60.00 for this on PC. It is one of the worst games I have ever played.
This game has the most amazing plot twist I've ever seen in a game, very unique and challenging.
This game is a remix of the one on Game Boy Advance, but the game is in 3D.You play it on the big screen and not on a little one of the GBA.
Return as there is no disk. Just a download so Electronic Arts can track your use of these games.
Excellent game! It is a perfect sequel of the first one!
The targeting system doesnt function when using the Zweihander.  Until they fix the targeting system, this game isn't worthy of more than a 0/5.
great way to pass the time ....some are very easy.....great gift for kids just starting to play hidden object games
Do not recommend this game. The game is still glitching after tons of updates, and the Origin software just ruins your experience day after day...
Under-powered, and over-priced.  The system can't even run games at 1080p/30fps.  Do yourself/kids/family member a favor, get a Wii U or PS4.
Clunky controls, bad interface, boring story, one dimensional stereotypical characters.  Nothing about this game is compelling or original.  Is this the best the gaming industry has to offer?
The best millennium fighting game than never been rebooted/remade & recurred in the fighting Game History for both Capcom & SNK
I didn't realize when I purchased the popcap games that it was strictly hidden object with no storyline.  This is definitely not my type of game as the storylines are what make it for me.
This game does not play and is impossible to fix.  Pure garbage.  Check the web, it seems that almost everyone is having issues.
For a portable game this is a very good game. Graphics and game play are both good and there are plenty of tracks to keep you entertained.
Worst game iv ever played don't waste your money. Everything about this game is what a game shouldnt be. Dont waste your time
Poor graphics, difficult controls, poor quality sounds, less than stellar abilities game does not play well very miss directed. I am displeased
Although I read reviews on Amazon saying that it works for wii ware games it did not! Buy a 2g or 4g sd card and it will hold more than you would ever need.
well the game is awesome but it came damage .... very broken box
This game will simpky not work. Xbox says it does not recognize the disk. Very frustrating.
Arrived when it was suppose to and my son has really enjoyed playing the game. Thanks for the game it has kept him busy.
The game sucked, but the shipping and everything else was fine. The game froze a lot and all, but oh well
Not much different than the first game. But I liked the first game better.
Great game! A good and challenging sequel to Black Ops one.  The maps are complex, intricate, challenging and fun to navigate.  The zombie maps are tough but fun as well.
Better than the original Jurassic Park game by far. I still like the original one but this has more weapons and presents a challenge at times. I am happy to have found one at last.
I just don't like the controls for the game. It makes it awkward.
You should buy one of these if you have a Nintendo 64.  This is required for some games and makes other games play better.
What an awkward controller.  Maybe if they switched the pads around?  Surely they designed this thing with some input for gamers, but it just feels weird.
By far the best game in the franchise.
It'll help out with any non-wireless controllers for the Xbox 360, it helped out my Guitar for my Guitar Hero games.
This is a great cart packed full of nostalgia, though the same poor level planning issues that many Sonic games suffer from are present. Still, I highly recommend it!
My teenage son hated the gameplay, FFT0 at the used game store by the weekend.
This games graphics are wonderful and cut scenes are well done. However, once again Amazon, this download contain a Trojan. DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS.
This is one of the worst video game disasters in recent history. The servers are always busy. Do not waste your time with this purchase.
Good graphics for the age of the game...game better than I expected.
This game will suddenly ask you to hit a button.  You have about one second, then you die.  Your map is also kind of lousy.
Graphics are definitely fresh and original. My wife loves this game.
one player only,very boring! i don't know anyone that likes this game!!
Good looking game, but the text is so small that it is almost impossible to read.
It's ok. Video games have come a long way since this version.
I really love Lego series games! This one was quite enjoyable, fun and pretty easy.
No.... Just no okay! The game is alright , it plays fine , but i can't deal with the fact that i have to unlock everything!!!!
This game is a space turn based combat game...which takes breaks from the space combat for mini games every 5 minutes.  Sometimes gets a bit repetitive, but all in all great game.
this game is not worth any type of money, all they did was put DLC as a full release and should be free as a game anyway. It's s***
Awesome game so far! Unique story and gameplay, which I like. I haven't finished yet, but so far so good!
This game is amazing so much detail best deal i got on amazon buy 2 get 1 free so if your looking for a great sports game this xmas nba2k14 is it.
Received this as a gift. I have say this game brings back all sort of pleasant memories for me. I think this game was the first game I played on the N64 back in the day.
This is a great game. It is just like playing the real sports. Great excersize.
The visuals are crap, the game play is linear, and the sound needs major improvement. Over all, it just sucks.
Myself and my kids enjoyed this game.  I felt like I was a teen titans.  Not to hard and not to easy.  Good game play.
Awesome seller.  Amazing game.  Great service from them as well.  Thank you.
very good game thank you very much richardkelson757@yahoo.com.
Very basic, bland, and simple game. Not much else to be said. Couldn't waste but a few hours on it.
This game will not run properly. It runs for about 2 seconds then stops and starts again then runs again for about 2 seconds.
Though Mario Kart 7 is a little on the expensive side, by Grand Son was WELL worth the price of the game!  He loves this game.  I would suggest purchasing it.
Very stupid game, very bad graphics... I think that it look worse then any other Original Xbox game... Too short...
The game was good but for some reason about half way through it wouldn't play so I never got to finish it.
Good luck trying to load this POS. I couldn't play the game at all because it wouldn't load even though the program was compatible with mu PC
Don't buy you have to pay monthly to play game waste of money
This is a wonderful game thank u I play it a lot call of duty is mind blowing game
Great game that my sons both enjoy playing regularly.
great game A+++. love the combat system, the graphics and story
One of the few game that I had to 'give-up-on'...after 25 %.  It becomes VERY difficult and burdensome.
I got bored with this game after about 2 hours of playing it
Been looking for a game that is easy for me and my son to play together and this game is perfect. the price was good and it arrived on time.
I really enjoy the game, and am now looking forward to the fall release of Mortimer!  This seller is prompt and a very good sale.
I really like this game.  I ended up buying it twice because the first one was a part of the hotel dash and it never loaded.  This one did, and its fun.
i don't play games. i bought it for my 13 years old daughter. she is enjoying it.
This is the worse sports game i have ever played. 15 better fix all the bad issues with this game.(Pes Fan)!!
Sadly, this game is not compatible with X360s, future sellers should note that since most people don't have their original Xboxs anymore.
I bought this game for my fiance for Christmas, to add to his growing collection  of Halo games
Not much to say about this game, if you like Bejeweled, you'll like this version. I personally love playing Bejeweled Poker, it's the reason why I bought it.
Go away Konami if you cannot do a  game release in PC arena. Don't bring your retarded old console base logic to PC gaming.
Horrible, I don't understand how anyone could like this game but to each their own.
Really the same Gran Turismo experience with updated graphics and cars.  Nothing wrong with that. This edition you get some freebie cars that can be used to cheat and get through the game somewhat faster.
Halfway through the game.  It's your typical lego game, which is why it's so successful.  Fun to play, and good graphics.
This was a great deal !  Brings back old memories when i used to play Halo 2  as a kid . Multiplayer works fine for me  60$ worth for 4 game in one !
I put this game down after just a couple of hours.I like role playing, puzzle solving and exploration games...this is not one of those.
I bought the Nintendo DS XL for my son and I decided to get this grip and he loves it and it also protects the Nintendo game. My son just loves it!!!!!
Dull graphics, unengaging story, and all around childish, it's obvious SquareEnix once again slapped the Final Fantasy badge on a lackluster game.
If u like skyrim then try out fallout series. if got time to play than give it a go.fallout new vegas  is also another good game.
I bought this since it was a single player game. Plus I LOVED Resident Evil 4.  I did not know it needed to connect with xbox live to even work. TRASH!
Such a fun game. It gets progressively harder so you have to learn somewhat fast but it is still awesome!
Always been a fan of sly games this one is as awesome as the rest of the series! a definite must have.
game not us version. it's the uk and dlc won't work. fraud advertisement showing us version
This is supposedly NextGen, but it plays and looks like a PS2 game. Just buy 2K14, this game is a classic example of an EA money grab.
As HOG games go, this was a waste of money. If you get stuck, you will stay stuck.
This game is so repetitive!  It's extremely easy to beat!  There's  nothing to do!  PERIOD!!
Needed it so I could play my PS1 games on my PS2 works perfectly fine no issues from this customer.
A great game and a must for anyone's collection.
Perfect condition, came new still warped. Plays great, no problems with it. Would buy if you like assassin creed games, best yet.
This game was just terrible. I put it on a shelf of things I never use. What a waste of money. Glad I paid very little for it.
It's just okay. Not my kind of game.
I recommend it to anyone looking for a game system. Its got the best hardware, best graphics, most games and its cheaper than its competitor.
[money] is a steal. This is the greatest game ever. it is not available anywhere and nobody will sell you their copy of it.
Good Card case. Compact and hard. Is very good to keep control on your kids games.
great game. Even better than the first ones.
incredible game. You can play for days straight and still not explore the map completely
I found this game boring after a couple plays. In my option it's simply the first three games in hd
Aweosme game, one of my playstation favorites of all time!The whole saga is incredibly well made and graphics are superb!Just get it and taste it for yourself!
the game keeps crashing on my at different parts of the game. anyone else having this problem?
Awesome bundle with the 1st two games! You cannot ask for more.
I bought for the erotic appeal and found nothing about it to be appealing. Just a simple jumping from one block to another game.
The PS4 console is awesome!! but the Battlefront game is terrible!! just played it a couple of hours because I couldn't stand it anymore! I went back to Battlefield ASAP...
Slow game does not really stick with STALKER as the game was supposed to be about.
Game of the Year if you ask me, incredible story, gameplay and details. 2 incredible games for the price of 1, I recommend playing Bayonetta first and then Bayonetta 2.
its okay. I thought I remembered liking the original games more
Not what I wanted in a flight simulator game.
This game is bad I really wanted to love it but its horrible. I couldn't bare to play it after one use.
I don't have the interest to figure out this game I will playthrough it someday but without closely following a guide i'll never be able to do it
A Collection of:80s,90s,and early 2000s Videogames in their Entirety!Comment:"This Collection is Safe to Buy..your getting Complete Videogames".
How is this so successful? Clunky game play and way too much repetition....sucks in my peanut brain
This game is bust because game not even long i was very Disappinted about it only good thing about  game is Graphic was amazing thats it
This is a system for the 1990s (as I am sure you know) and is very old school. It is a great system for hand held play, especially if you are into older games.
Do not purchase this game right now. It was at under 20 FPS often, rarely hits 30 fps. Its buggy and has endless problems.
Arrived quick - needed this for the latest Wolfenstein game on my XBOX 360.  Very simple to install - just plug it in the side, turn on the Xbox and you are good to go.
dont buy this game , it a waste of money and time
Bought this for my wife.  She didn't care much for it since an area cleared never stayed cleared.  Enemies were too numerous and it made the game not fun.
My favorite ps2 game! The package was also very taken care of. Thanks!
A really tough game to persevere through. The story does not make much sense unless you take time to do the research on the mythology. The environment is bland. Great battle system.
I am so happy that I am able to enjoy all 4 megaman zero game on the ds, and even better since I am able to play this on the 3DS! Really good fast paced game.
Only lasted about a week that it stayed charged longer than 30 mins. Bought it to replace original batt but my son still has to keep wireless game pad plugged in all the time :(
Guess I never understood it. Just don't get it. As a fan of racing games. I really never got the concept or the handle of the gran turismo franchise.
the controller sucks. at least I can play my old games
castlevania lament of innocence is the greatest video game in the world a true classic the best of the best buy this game if your a huge castlevania fan you won't be sorry
This game has a terrible story, many microtransactions, not to mention it's terrible launch, and just overall is terrible. Don't waste your money, they should PAY YOU to play this game.
The game obviously didn't work seller sent it anyway smh
if you have been waiting to get this game get it.  it is amazing.  The game play is fantastic and the graphics kick butt.
I don't recommend this game, grainy graphics, poor history and all the game is very dark, it deserves a try, not the buy !!
Started off good but there's just no end game quality and no real replayability.
the ps3 is damaged reads the dvd, but not games
This was one of the worst games I ever purchased. Terrible graphics and a really bad story line. Save your money.
You literally can not play this game because the developer can not keep the servers up.  The game has NO offline mode which makes the product completely worthless for the time being.
It is more of the same in a new package and nothing special.  The kids play it but do not love it. It is a movement game but not enough.
The shooting system don't like to me, i gave the game to someone who like it.
Capcom Classics Collection - PlayStation 2 ; i get great enjoyment watching my boys play the games i grew up with.
Great game, kept them entertained for some time.. Not too complicated not too easy..just right.. (Or so say's Goldilocks) lol
the d-pad, and the left analog stick register as the same buttons, so it's sucks to play a game where you need both.
Prob one of the worst baseball games ive ever played.... If you want baseball games get the show.....
I haven't gotten past the first level because the controls are so bizzare in this game. Buy something else and don't be this cheap.
This is not a good game.  I played it for about a half hour and trashed it.  It moves too fast and the controls suck.
Love this game it is challenging but at a slower pace for old folks likemyself.
It has none of the atmosphere of the previous games in the series.  It's another frenetic shooter with no story and no brain.  I'm extremely disappointed.
The low picture quality really hurt my passion to play this game
Hilarious game. The open world concept was taken here to a hall new level. Full of fun with hours of replay ahead. Don't miss it!
Gotta have me some star wars, and this game is great if you are a fan.
Maybe it's a good game. But I never got it. It was never delivered and they have failed to work with me on a solution
Was not worth the money. Played it for a few month and cannot get past the fact that it all has been done before and the grind is as bad as other games like it.
Awful! No Discs included... How am I suppose to download a 40GB game with a 30GB data cap?EA doesn't care about people with data caps... Back to BF4 I go...
Of course my hockey nut son likes football too and enjoys this game also. I don't have six more words.
I am not a FPS gamer. I play these games as a test to see if the developers can improve the overall quality of their franchise. Suffice to say, I still enjoy them a little.
If you want to know what happens in the Salieri's Mafia family and wants to roam in the 1930s then buy this game.
Complete trash stay away its halo gameplay jet packs running on walls wow wth did they do to this game and the levels looks crappy to colorfull like a mario game
Worst COD to date. I'm very upset with this game...it's unspeakably bad
Playing this game is awesome can't wait to see the new movie too when it hits theaters.
This game sucks. Do not buy its a waste of money.
This game was very confusing and difficult to work
Must play online,  Buy the game then you have to pay to play it.
Got this to re-add to my collection because some butthat stole mine. Note to everyone, 360 not backwards compatible with this game anymore.
Garbage, Microsoft loves ripping off consumers in the video game department.
Just bought and installed the game, can't even play 1 minute of the game, constantly getting error messages , Blizzard are f..ing clowns. ... Don't buy this game !!!
Fantastic. great game, introduces new characters, lives true to the franchise.
This game is extremely bad. Bad storyline and bad graphic. Looks cheap and cheesy inspite of the effort to make it free roaming. You can get this game used for $20 or less.
I loved the game when I was younger but now that I'm older it's pretty boring, but great for younger children. It also have bad graphics I guess because the game is so old.
I fell for the hype and got this game . My son hated it. We got the MVP 2005 Baseball game from Ea Sports.
i got it becuase amazon says it will work with xp....got the game and could not play it.....after getting a copy of blindows 7 off of craigslist i found out this game sucks
Great games like these should be on the vita, not kid toys like 3ds. come on sony buy pokemon. Nintendo kid fans do not know anything about pokemon or whatever its called
Invest in an original SNES I thought this was an original SNES. Thought nothing of it, the controllers aren't as good and have a delay in receiving your gameplay.
history driven and great game to play, learned quite a bit about the time period
This is a really good game! I will recomended to anyone!..
Got the game new, and it works fine. The game is fun, very Borderlandsy feel and humor.
A not so good follow up to a great game.
It's a fun game.  My kids like it.  Easy to understand and figure out.
Not a good game. If you want a good ghostbusters game, get the old xbox 360/ps3 version. This one stinks!
I got the case but no game inside it total waste of money thanks Steve diamond
This game was rather hard to navigate through which made us lose interest quickly and now it is collecting dust....
I can only say that this must be a pretty darned good game as my husband is hooked on it and on Black Flag (lots ofswearing goes on so its definitely a challenge).
Classic. Awesome. Must have game for all DS owners.
I'm a huge Ratchet and Clank fan and I can't wait to play this game!
we went shopping and could not find it we went online to AMAZON and found a better price the game is great but AMAZON HELP TO MAKE IT BETTER thank to AMAZON I will be shopping here more
i hope the new blacklist game is way better then this splinter cell i feel like i need brain surgery after play it an also wasteing my money on it
Really enjoying this game. The new ways of combat are different than other first person shooters. This makes for a more interesting game.
This game is excellent for parties.Even my parents like playing it (and they don't play any video games).It's quirky, and at times even disgusting, but hilarious and fun.
Although I could not get to work in Windows 8.1 it is still a great game. I play it on my Playstation 2 from time to time. I would recommend to others.
The graphics are astonishing. Very good game. My grandson and I both love it. It has a new story line and that is just great.
It is a shame the Disney Infinity will go away. Loved the toys & enjoyed the game. These are now in my collection & look great.
The absolute worst tactical game I have ever bought. so bad, in fact, I couldn't make myself give to someone else, I threw it the garbage.
Didn't like this game....kind of old style, poor graphics...froze half way thru ...froze my entire computer.
My son really loves this game although it takes a long time to build a deck to be able to play on line. He plays it a lot well worth the $$$ for a yu-gi-oh fan.
Great game! One of the few next gen games. Highly recommended.
Big LOTR fan and this game sucks. Played 2 times and then sold it to a used game store. Game is repetitive. Watch someone play it on YouTube before you waste your money
Same game and still great and the goodies in case u get the first print are awesome.
Funny game, and a lot of fun to play.
I use this software when I want to beat the games! CHARLES,GShark is nolonger in business any more for some years but the codes in the software still exist.
It improved my gaming. It doesn't dramatically improve my stats but it does help and gives a small boost to my skill. I recommend this product to competitive gamers.
Good game. I have had this game for 2+ years and it is fun. It may be hard some times but it is still fun. Good game for good price.
Great game, play it all the time, lots of fun for everyone
This game is packed with content and replay ability, and takes full advantage of what the gameboy has to offer. If you only buy one gba game, make it this one!
This game is exciting... in the WORST way possible. there's nothing wrong with the other mario party games but i think this one is way too over the top.
The disc and everything was fine. The game sucked. Should have titled it Far Cry 2.5. No improvement to game mechanics and little to graphics. Too bad because the story was pretty great considering.
the game was in great quality, came within 4 days of order, nice clean sealed with booklet, good buy for your money
that great game, super exciting, good images, great effects, is a video game that I recommend to play, have greatly improved virtual reality.
Works great! Good to have if you enjoy playing games online with friends
it didn't charge our game boy ,,and no money back
This game maybe fine for experts but it's a waste of money for intermediates.
This game was a huge disappointment for me, I expected real exploration in open worlds and fun, innovative action. Not the case, quite boring and repetitive with little customization.
The crysis series is a great game for the pc ,great value and fast delivery by Amazon. Check all the great pc game values here on Amazon.
Great game with cool graphics.  Was very cheap since it is a Player's Choice title.
This game sucks...!!! in many many levels.. hate it...
Not sure what the like is with these games. I have played tons of hidden object games and these three lacked any challenge or creativity.
It loses alot of gameplay after downing a few jets.
Such a horrible game worst game ever made do not buy I repeat do not buy waste of your money I promise you please save your money and get battlefield 1
Just terrible. This pales in comparison to the CD-i series. Nintendo needs to just close down. No need to remake a 15+ year old game that sucks.
It's basically a facebook game... Not really much more to say about it than that honestly. I wouldn't pay for it, or spend money on it.
this game is james bond mixed with snow boarding totaly dope!
i know i haven't played the game yet, but if it is like its prequel and other extreme sports games like tony hawk and dave mirra, this game will be RUBBISH
Fun simultaneous multi-player game, maybe one of the best on NES.
The game is amazing one of the currently most recent WWII game out here (dont tell me call duty is also great... yes it is okay but its not that recent)
unsre why its on here  as i have a xbox380 but nevr this game  so caNT critiuqe that which i know not .
its a good game if you play it on easy you beat in no time flat lol
all this game is a rip off of Grand Theft Auto: Vice City and not a very good one at that...rent this...do not buy it!
Great game! bought it for my kids and they love it!
Lego Games are very funny, my nephew really like it as he loves Legos and the adventures of this game
a boring game..and I traded it in at gamestop lost money but you might like it just go to gamefaq.com and read reviews okay
Donkey Kong with a gun. If you like jumping puzzles, this is your game.
Great game, now if only I could remove stars off of Nintendo of America for not releasing the physical copy. I wold buy it again if they did.
This was advertised as Nintendo's next gen system but they just ended up delaying all its big games like the new Zelda game and just announced there new NX System.
Mass Effect shipped quickly and arrived on time.  I am very satisfied with the condition of the case and DVD.  The game installed perfectly and even ran in Linux with PlayOnLinux.Thank You for making PC Game affordable
I cant express how awful this game is.
dose the job and cheap . but most wii games don't like controllers and doesn't work with MARIO GAMES !!!!!
This game can be described in a few simple words, boring, repeaditive,  bad, pointless.
love this game and the monster dude is awesome!
an all some game if you don't have it get it good game here. it's a lot of fun fun.
Had an issue with multilayer not working, and the game became repedative half way beating it
worse game ever for online game play  .do not waste your time on this horrible game
A game from ny childhood im glad to have back :D so fun and in good condition
Really bad game did not enjoyed it at all, i played it cause im a RE fan but wow this game is bad i bet i could make a better game so disappointed.
My grandson loves this game and plays it every time he comes over to visit.  He has become obsessed with dancing and even though he's dead, he's obsessed with Michael Jackson.
I was hesitant about buying yet another Sonic game.  However, my grandson absolutely loves this game, and honestly I enjoy playing it with him too.  It is very entertaining.
Great game to have for the collection, the condition is in great shape.
Dont buy this product if you live in central America because there is no way to get playstation plus or redeem codes , you need this to enter online game and functions
I loved going back and playing this game. It's a beautiful nostalgia trip!
Now I don't need to sit next to a power strip whenever I play any Vita game that has any form of substance and length! Yay!
Yup, s'all good. What else is there to review on this? It's just an online game code. The font they used was alright, I guess.
I have a big mistake - Diablo 3 is waste my money and worst game ever I see before....Now I think Why i stupid enought to buy this game :(
This is the best ps2 memory card I know of. It's perfect if you have games that take 1,000KB or more of your memory. If you need more memory, this is for you.
This game is so fun!! My friends and I loved playing it during game nights!!
This was a very poor attempt at a block building game, it is just a big cone shape with hard to move characters.
love it like both games new to crash tho but it worth it to try and buy was a welcome gift from above all my frinds like it too...
These games do not have a good story line and are not fun.
don't buy this , buggy , you spend more time loading the game and crashing it than completing a level, soo many buggy pc games out therecheers good luck! if you buy it
$199 for a PS3 with 2 games? One of them being one of the best games ever? 5-stars. This is awesome.
Great Game. It is a very entertaining game! It is also very funny and not boring at all. Graphics are also very cool.
too much like a movie, not much of game play
a game very moved, realistic and modern sense in context. fun and bold. One more for the creators of Ubisoft
game keeps freezing the case was cracked. That was just horrible  man .That was a waste of my time and money
Crosshairs hard to see... Boring game play.... Multiplayer sucks.... Returned quickly
Great game I love the ghost that it came with. took 3 days off work to play it met a lot of amazing people through this game.
Games we're boring. Never finished all three. Got credited for this game. But the seller was quick to call me & tell "enjoy your free game."
I love this game. and It came right on time. I would recommend This game to anybody, especially RPG fans.
Super cute & fun game! I actually beat it in under a day. Definitely one of those games that started most people's addictions. Recommend highly!
I purchased the deluxe edition for no other reason than the NFL Sunday Ticket Trial offer. The game is essentially the same - great, but extras make it this an exceptional purchase
not a good game took long time to load then didn't work right
NBA Street Volume 2 is an amazing game.  I just received the wrong game.  I'll be sending back for a refund.
First of all the graphics are horrible. The handling and physics are just unbelievably stupid. I would highly recommend this game as a coaster for your coffee.
An exceptional game.  Very tough, but excellent!
game sucks want a real mafia game maybe next time
pros:Good graphicsnice weaponscons:poor historyhuge maps in MP, lot of snipersglitchedIf u like cod don't buy this game
Great game, great price! It's a much better game than Resident Evil 5 and 6 were. This one is actually fun with good boss fights and creepy atmosphere.
Got me back to exercising just cause its fun! One of my favorite games for the wii so its an added bonus that i'm getting "some" excising while playing!
Didn't care for the game...not anything like other FF titles.
I saw someone use this and I have multiple tiny ones. I moved all of my games into 1 convenient carrying case.
The best Yakuza game in the series.  The story and gameplay is far superior than its predecessor.
I don't reconmend getting this game. The graphics are horable. However, I only played it about 10 mins. then shut it off. I just played multi-player. Campain might be good though.
Don't buy these they have a delay. Look up a better modle from Wii websight. You can't play any games with this doesn't work right you will not be happy.
This needed to be done - both games, one price, for the "next gen" consoles - very nice
Feels like hollow plastic, doesn't work well for most games, does work for some.
i love that game! Everything in this game has been done correctly excepted for some cutscenes that appear as pictures. Good graphics, replay value and great story.
Excellent game, for me it's a good purchase for all content
I bought this when i ordered both the games... did not realize the games already came with one each. Never a bad idea to have an extra one on hand
cute game except there are no instructions.  you just wander around with no idea of how to get things done
My sons were thrilled to get this game. They constantly play it together. Great condition and graphics. Won't hesitate to buy from this seller again. Thanks.
It works !!!, plug it in let it update the drivers, sync with controller and your good to go, dead space 3 and newer games no problem
Play Michael Jordan and earn him after a game of one on one!
great productworks welldoes exactly what it saysworks perfectly with dolphin emu on pc for wii games and wii-motesworks well with my actual wii also.ran into no issuesrechargeable batteries are perfect for this.
Awesome game, the best ever !  We cant stop playing.
For $20 you can't go wrong, easily hands down the best looking console game on the market!
Such as disappointment, compared to the first game, which I played through 3 times.  I didn't even finish this game.
My favorite game of 2016, yet. Not for everyone. I spent hours trying to beat one boss (nameless King)but I needed something methodical and rewarding
I recommend making a part of the game that does not need internet connection...
You can't go wrong with AC DC. They did a great job putting this game together. Although simple, it is a lot of fun.
on my third go around, moving up in difficulty very good game My wife says she's a gaming widow
Nintendo Selects are $19.99. Don't pay more than that for this game. But the game is amazing and you should buy it. Just don't pay more than 20 bucks for it.
This game was not that good. Do not get this game.
game came in days ahead of time and didn't have a single scratch on it, 5 stars and havnt had a problem with the payment for anything. great buy.
I bought this game thinking I could use the ps3 move joy stick but you can't you have to play with the regular joy sticks
Literally the worst RPG I have ever played. Cannot believe it is an actual scrolls game. If you find it for $20 or less, it's still a gamble.
Probably my favorite game of all time. I'm not sure I've ever put in so many hours playing a game before. It never gets old.
Still a kinda buggy game. I get constantly frustrated in it. If you want a smoother game i suggest AC: Syndicate instead.
Didn't care for this game at all.  It spends too much time going over and over the same areas to find  items.
once I figured out the game it was lots of fun
Uncharted clone without the quality. I resent this immediately after how bad this game was. I suggest buying a PS4 and getting Uncharted 4 when it releases.
Pretty much like the original Incredibles game, only even better because now there is two player co-op which makes the game fun for you and your friend
I just don't like games that lead you by the nose.  Additionally, there is no camera control, another feature that I don't care for.
One of the most underrated games out there. It has it all. Very exciting game with lots of weapons, great graphics. Very realistic and never boring.
Just like the Wii console, the DS is being plagued with endless Mario/Wario wtc games.  Good god, I like Mario games as much as the next person but enough's enough.
Graphics are ok.  However, the big disappointment was the control.  Did not feel realistic compared to other racing games.Very expensive for this quality.  Going for Dirt Rally - will trade up.
If you are a fan of the series then you need all the games.  I love all the games and they keep getting better and better.  I go back and play the free roam all the time
Got this game for my son and we both play it together. Its great for the price.
Gave as a gift and tried to play once.  Recipient said it's not his kind of game.  Have away
Most hated Resident Evil game yet. Nuff said.
The game is pointless the worst ace combat ever produced. no chocies at all very bland. don't waste your money, They dropped the ball on this one. Sorry I bought it.
Sooooo much fun. My niece comes over and we wail on each other with the sword fighting game. The plane game is boss!
Great game. Action packed and very fun. Good graphics too. I have just as much fun out of the Titan as I do in it.
G.I.Joe:The Rise of Corba is a great video game. It showed up on time and in good shape. Cool fighting as a joe really awesome.
This game requires that you open an online account to play the game. A constant online source is required. Gave the game away.
Great game, the kids love it. Lego does an excellent job with all their games. This arrived on time and as described.
god this game isn't as good as i remember it being
This cord is great! It is long enough to be able to use the controller and charge and its a lot better than the battery dying during a game.
Not a great game, but I have a lot of nostalgia for it
I love this game; Spyro has new powers and new locations to explore, but it feels much like the last 2 Spyro games on the PS...HIghly recommended!
If you have never played this game, you should.  I have never been dissapointed by any game by Rockstar.  Not for children.
It's a fun bloody, splatter-gore Evil-Dead meets Resident Evil kind of game and even has a few boob shots, but it gets repetitive  and boring really quick.
Im really mad they made it 900p the same as xbox one just to make it even. I will never buy an assassins creed game again.
Comes with a digital voucher for the game, and NOT with a game disc. I wish the description had stated this, as I would have bought the game system and the game separately.
This game is fantastic and it came in well working condition.
Love it. Though the controls take some time to get used to. Especially if you're set up like the classic games.
FUN game ( you didn't know I was going to say that, huh?) Nice graphics, fairly easy to follow, great time killer if you're looking for one!
Drakes Deception is a horrible game. There is nothing but gun fighting round every corner. No story no puzzles. Nothing like Uncharted 4 which was amazing.
this is one of the games which he lovesthe weather is so hot here that it keeps him entertained, now try to get his attention
If you're looking for a good strategy game, look no further. Simply put, this is one of the top 5 real time strategy games ever made!!!
Hands down the best game I've played on PS4
Bought it for Minecraft PE, turns out this controller only works with a handful of games (MC is not one of them). If you're looking for a bluetooth controller look elsewhere.
The wall-running is a pointless nuisance that makes this game a lot less fun.
Love this game. Many hours of continuous fun.
What good gamer geek doesn't know that a game in a game sleeve last longer then a game with out one?These simple dusk jackets are great for protecting and keeping your games clean.
Great product makes my playstation vita more comfortable to hold while playing games and is very stylish and makes your ps vita look different than any others.
putt putt is about the only game played on this one, and it is not as good as the first one that they put out.
I have always been a fan of Destiny, but what Im not a fan of is of the expensive prices on their expansions. This game alone without expansions is just boring.
This game is awful and you can't even upload it to steam. Please do not buy this. Your wasting your time and money!
second set of grips i bought.  the first set worn down after two years I think and alot of game hours.  I def. like them
This game is the best Xbox 360 game so far. In every aspect its determined to become a new classic in the gaming industry.
Bought this just for something new to play. Wasn't expecting much, but man this was a great game. Can get a little repetitive  if you're going for 100%. Storms were amazing.
It was a little better than the other two, but was as repetitive as the other two. It pre-ordered the game, it was not worth the 60 bucks I spent on it.
The game really sucks. But its an easy 1000 Achievement points. don't pay more that 3-4 dollars.
I love, love, love this game. One of the best games for the PC ever created. Fast delivery and everything works flawlessly.
Pretty good game for children to play who have a lot of anger but too weak to do nything
Did not have the same charm as older paper Mario games. Generic characters and tedious backtracking.
I loved this scooby doo game but when I had it I never got to beat the game. Which I wish I had but now it doesn't bother me as it used to.
This game is horrible nothing like the other sims Im never going to play it
One of the best games on the 3DS. 'nuff said.
What happed EA? huh? this is command and conquer not DOW2 mixed with redaleart! Look at all the other reviews this game is pitiful! Do not buy!
Pokemon is still amazing to this day, but it needs downloadable content, or make the post game battle towers give better rewards
This is a demo basically. I should have read up on it before buying it. Good graphics. Just wait for the real game.
this is not even a game !! it`s a rip off , i payed money to play not to watch a bad written story .
A very hard game I feel like I can't even play it all I do is die even though I'm good at strips srpg games this is to hard for me
The game should have included better songs.  Over all the game is ok, not a real improvement over Guitar Hero 3.
this game is great and its free can't beat that if you like playing diablo you will love this game exact same play style. the npcs talk to you and fun to play.
If you like to play Bejeweled you love this game! It is challenging, and has some good graphics. It is worth the money.
The storyline is pretty good; the action and gameplay are solid and extremely fluid.. but the game overall is absolutely beautiful; I seriously recommend this game!
One of the greatest exclusives in the PS3, a beutiufl game, with amazing gameplay. an one great story.Buy it!!!!
If you pick Tiger in the game against others. He's got the advantage over other players. which isn't fair.
This game is made by microsoft and now they are trying to import it on the ps3 for money, don't support this practice
This game is the worst of the three. Messy, aweful games, and same characters. DON'T BUY!
Great game and it came in the original case and with the original manual! Light scratches but it's nothing to bother game play! over all very happy!
A very buggy game with a lack luster story. Mediocre at best.
Perfect game for a challenge. Star Wars keeps challenging and keeping interest high
This is the most annoying game ever!  Drove me crazy with tooooo much Stooges sound track.  In fact, I threw it away, it was not even worth keeping or giving to the neighbors.
I never received my game even though it says it has been delivered by UPS.  SO THATS A BIG ONE STAR FROM ME!!
What can I say about this game bad gameplay bad storyline bad graphics.....bad game period!
game is awesome. bought this copy for a friend to play
Code didn't work.....Note to other buyers-never buy used pc games
Parents beware. This game incorporates Tarot cards, actively, in game. Used to predict future of the game play. No way to opt out or try another path.
My 10 year old daughter says this game is boring and lame. She only played the game once, and hasn't even looked at it since. Maybe it was too hard for her.
Waste of money on a dead game. No one plays this anymore. Not even worth it when it becomes ftp cause no one will still play it, So boring.
the games held further away from the opening are harder to get out. i didn't like the memory card holders because it took away the ability to hold more games
these were fun to play i like them it really good games
Awesome brutal and visceral game to get your blood pumping. Music is great, graphics, sound effects, and simple kill everything story had me hooked.
Great remaster for an amazing game and its portable!!!
A great game that allows you to enjoy extreme sports and lounge, with the nuveas technologies of movement of the PS3, i love the bowling
Had a rough start but now its a great game
I use it to play PS4 games with my Mayflash adaptor. It also works great on my computer. The DPI settings have a lot of range and all work smoothly.
Best open world game I have ever played. Thought and effort put into every quest. Heart of Stone DLC is just as great and provides a huge amount of extra game play.
Had a great time playing this game, definitely play with friends as the game requires communication to make it fun.[...]
This was a gift from my son to his sister she really likes the game a lot but it has loading issues and doesnt play it for that reason
I use it for my gamecube and it works great, it holds all my memory. The only thing is it came in white.
This is an exciting game that continues the story from the first one, in good old New York nonetheless. Amazing graphics and game play. Get this if you want to know what happens.
Try before you buy! This game has a major glitch: its save game files are erased sometimes, so you can start all over again.Beware.
Nothing special about this game.  It's another first person shooter but with monsters, creepy backgrounds, and creepy cut scenes.  Okay if you like those type of games.
I didn't care to much for this game it sucked no Spiderman games were good so i don't recommend this game
been playing this almost daily still can't get past world 8 though lol im not very good at games but this is a fun one
Don't enjoy the game whatsoever even in co-op campaign.
The game is okay but sometimes doesn't respond according to how it should according to the manual. Inter-active should allow me to walk or run in place versus putting one foot in front of the other.
My son was excited to get this as it had been on his wish list since it had came out. Great game !!
Same old game with many great things from the past games taken out.
We love Zelda and we now own all the games. This game is the best of the Zelda series.
i really like this game it makes you concentrate on what you are doing and helps you with speed and accuracy thanks
product description was excellent, game is really awesome, and I would gladly do business with this seller again
If you like all the older Tetris games, you will like this one. It would be good for kids to play.  It teaches the brain to work problems out fast.
Not that good. Hm2 is just meh. Controls are terrible. The other games are decent enough.
Too dated.  Feels like HC tried to cash crop when ww2 games were in xbox hey day. Franchise does have a few redeemable titles though.
Something wrong with the game, when I aim to shoot the baton or baseball bat appears in place of the weapon.
This is one of my favorite games.  It came quick and was in perfect condition.  Couldn't have asked for better service.
The combat system of this game is painfully slow. Populating excel spreadsheets for IRS tax audits is more exciting. Not at all worth $[...].
It was flat out horrible it would stop working five minutes into the game after it was guaranteed to work
I didn't like this game.  Perhaps it would appeal to newer or younger gamers.  It just didn't give the James Bond feel of the older games, or the movies. Sorry
narley game man going old school with a game like this never gets old gotta love donkey kong oh hell ya
This game is pretty terrible. Pretty to look at but bland gameplay. This is definitely a bargain bin title. Just terrible.
game got here in a couple of days and is just like brand new. will definitely be buying here again :)
Purchased this for my grand daughter for Christmas this year.  She is in love with anything "princess" and is enjoying her new game.  Price was very reasonable.
I am very satisfied with the console and the game. It was a game I wanted but was super excited to see it was f-zero! Thank you!
This has to be the best GTA game I have ever played maybe game I ever played. This game is super fun. It's a must by for any gaming console you have.
Great game, fun for the fisher people in the house.
I'll never experience this game on my pc, because the platform information is Totally Wrong!!! This thing runs on Windows 7 to 8.1, NOT Vista or XP. Beware. False advertising!!
I bought this game when it came out; I'm a big fan of the Forza series, the graphics, gameplay and online racing are the best The autovista feature is amazing I strongly recommend this title
Doesn't say you need to have a kinect to play the game
Really hard game, but really fun!!Its the hard games that are really addicting.Not to mention the amazing graphics!
Son loves this game, but he is getting too good at it.
This was an interesting game to play. I would recommend for those who are interested in strategy games.
Yeah not my favorite, definitely storytelling focused. I just hated this game and hated the generic characters and forgettable soundtrack. Just another multi console generic game surprisingly not made by EA.
Other that the crappy bachelors, it's a solid game. It fixed a ton of bugs from Harvest Moon DS, which was already a solid title.
This game is perfect and adds a bit of mystery and enchantment to the game play. I am very satisfied.
Cool game like almost a clone of Diablo so it's fun on the go
Very short game. Definitely not worth of the money spent. Wouldn't recommend it for anyone
The SEASON PASS still works , now the Free Fall Code does not work , but SP is better anyway. Great game!
I got this game for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it!
a child's game, an adult will find it very boring
I buy for my personal colletion. Also, is a great game for Snes, Work ok. I fell like in past xD
Graphics are better than average and the game is fun
Poorly produced game for it's time. would not recommend it to anyone.
The game is terrific, but the people that sold it are useless. The game arrived wit ha scratch on the disc, takes around 4 minutes for my brand new PS3 to read it.
One can progress only so far, playing this game. The clues are insufficient to allow satisfactory game progression.
it could have been greatbut it got released on the wrong console. Remeber dead rising 2?now this is merely a bargain bin title that gamers ignore.doesn't matter if it had great plot or gameplay.
As a huge Call of Duty fan and awesome graphics with plenty of 5 star action. This game delivers.
This is a great game.  Really fun to play.  A great addition to the Ys series
I enjoy a great game every now and then
What a travel to the past this was. Bringing this game to this HD era was an awesome move! thanks.
blood in game, son doesn't want to pay
Not a fan, would have preferred a game like mgs 3 turned open world not this half way pieced together mish mash. Other than a graphics I didn't find anything like able about this game.
this is a very very boring game with tons of side quests that gives nothing important.  characters ugly too.  graphics so so.
The game won't load during the hermes chase.
Bad voice acting bad controls horrible version of catwoman bad camera views bad bad bad bad the fact that this awful game has four stars with a bad storyline smh no wonder catwoman film ended halle berry career
Tiny player community.Was this game meant as a joke?60$ for the disc140$ for the dlc.200$+ for a s*** game.
Just can't play, I have downloaded 30%, and Xbox told me it was bad CD, so I can't have this game
Sh*t game regret buying it spits in the face of borderlands players.(amzon did nothing wrong)
I bought this game thinking I could use the ps3 move joy stick but you can't you have to play with the regular joy sticks
This is a terrible waste of 60 bucks. Basically 10% of a finished game unless you fork out for online play.
incompatible with my singapore bought xbox console!Apparently there are several types of ntsc xbox version. The one sold in Singapore is ntsc-j, so I returned this game.
good game but must more video card power reason in elevator won't work can't go down to cavern it but xbox 360 great work yes open in cavern.
Looks like it would be a fun game but I am unable to load it and get it running. Contacted UBISOFT but they just ignore me. Don't buy it!!!!
Well, I bought it without reading any reviews for 20 dollars and change, was not worth it. Bad game design and very poor voice acting, just skip it.
The graphics are horrible!!! The GameCube version was way better!!! Would not recommend this game to anyone!!!
The problem with this game is that it requires an online connection. I miss the days where I could pick up a Need for Speed game and play it from beginning to end with no problems.
Another sequel to FIFA with updated graphics, squads and game mechanics. Being a hardcore FIFA player it was a must buy
No complaints..Bugs very rare... Makes you think of a future game - Skyrim and Witcher 3  combined...!
First game my kid went for in their birthday, and the disc won't read due to excessive damage. Fitting punctuation on the awful job amazon has done this year.
Wasn't compatible with game. Never used it.
great for precision key bashing games. league wow dota overwatch. great input and smooth keys. i use them at clutch gaming.
I bought PS4 just for this game and it SUCKED!!! I should have bought XBOX ONE instead!
Not a good game and I can prove it.TyvanTV @ Youtube
Because of this game, I can now shred. That is all I need to write here, guitar n00bz.
GAME DISC DEFECTIVE! This game freezes. It's NOT the Nintendo. It's definitely the game. All my other games play fine. I threw this away.
Said it will save and the game will not save. Overall still in great condition.
I used to love the COD games but now that they spit out a new version every year the game has turned to crap. I traded it back in within a month.
this game would not play on my  system.it was telling to update the game. and the people who make the gameare no longer in business.
I got this game for my nephew malachi and he sid he liked it. I don't know if he finished it yet but i'm sure he likes it
Good game, amazing bundle. Cool toy.
worst garbage ever this game is trash not worth  1 penny usless crappy control  took me 30 mins to  set up control and still was garbage therefore im returning this  useless trash
This game honestly sucked like the movie, if you liked the movie then buy this but the graphics is bad and the gameplay is fake.
I didn't really enjoy this game. Its too confusing and the story line is stupid. Trust me don't even spend your money on this game.
The graphics are horrible as well as the games! With so many other choices of these types of games, pass on this oneTry another with better graphics and game choices!
I hated this game played 5 mins and gave it to my niece. Kinda hard
smoking hot game... too bad it was more difficult than Star Tropics.... I LOVE this game!!5 stars!
Very disappointed in this game, no action, most definitely too muchdialogue, too much searching in circles and accomplishing nothing itseems. Bought the game, stopped playing, played it again, yuck! sorry
Not really a fan of this game. RE hasn't been great since 4.
Didn't work for my game console or tv.
Awesome game, came brand new and on time. Thank you
I got this game expecting a game like Morrowind, Oblivion, or Skyrim, but instead it felt more like World of Warcraft or some cheap MMO game.Disappointing!Going back to Diablo III.
I ended up with a virus on my computer from downloading this game.  It's a great game but don't bother buying this version unless you want to spend hours cleaning up your computer!
The game is lackluster compared to its older counterparts. It is also way too short and not very competitive
Maybe my graphic card was not good enough. I found this game to be very poor compared to Chessmaster programs
Nice game, both chapters, I honestly preferred the first chapter. The gameplay is great and graphics not bad. It totally worth the price.
Really wanted to like this game, but there are just too many bugs!!! Not worth the price.
I chose the rating because the game and package was in great condition. Game play is very fun with countless hours of fun.
What can you say about a controller.  Even though I had to rate it as a game, it does make games playable.
I love how they made this game. Simple but creative they had a lot of RARE games that I had never played before it is one of my favorite collections of games.
I could say to much about this game, but in the end it will resume in SO MUCH FUN to play with your friends.
Kids played it then got bored with it, i think we sold it after about a month, didn't even finish the game....boring
This game is god awful!  I had it 3 days and basically did every type of mission and event you could do.  The story made no sense and the cars handle like garbage!
Fun game to play, nice to be able to change out the tokens while in play.
this game suck please don't buy this game there is batter naruto games on ds them this one
The graphics are low budget the seller was good and the shipping was fine the game was just not what I expected
i don't have this game but my freind sed it was bad so i don't like it
This game is boring. Sims 3 is way better. What are they thinking!!!
This 32x sucked and this game is a prime example of why.  It's total garbage, the graphics suck, the controls are god aweful and the gameplay is non-existant.
I was so excited about this game.  It is not good.  Okay, I guess, at most.  Save your money for a Call Of Duty title instead.
My 3 boys that love fighting, dragon ball z, and all that stuff hate this game. Say its boring and not fun
The puzzles are interesting and clever, the artwork is beautiful and the gameplay is fun.If you want to sit down relax & have a fun experience, Captain Toad is the perfect answer.
Wow. This game is so bad, it made me write a review. This is not a battlefield game.
This is a very family friendly and fun game. It has enough humor within to also keep adults entertained. Very cute series, follows the Star Wars saga exactly.
This game is awesome , we have had so much fun playing it . It's addictive as hell just go get it , you won't regret it
Not many games from developers from this area make it to America but its obvious why this one did.
Price is high and only works with some games.
I really was annoyed because i couldn't play for more than 4 hours with the gamepad, this is the perfect solution for all my problems.
Was a great buy for the price of 27$ for me. A amazing game and collectors edition as long as you can get for under 40$, especially for the nice figure.
I am a long time Resident Evil fan. The game-play is intense and fun. I actually was nervous and scarred playing this game. the Story is worth the option of playing alone.
Doesn't fit my PC even though it was in PC games
Fun little puzzle game. Cool story and cute character.
When I ordered the game,  I couldn't wait to receive it.  Awesome pokemon's with the old generation! :DRECOMMENDS! :d
I'm a little disappointed that this gets localized and other games aren't. It's just not very good.
This game has been offline for yearsIts basically just an over priced coaster
As expected, great graphics and gameplay from Lego. Follows the general story with some added extras.
Never stop playing. More songs and more fun. Every one of these games has turned out to be fun and exciting.
I am really disapointed about this game. I expected mucho more, the gameplay sucks...
This game is awesome! Really original and very well done, with amazing chapters that keep you tense all the time.Recommended.
Unfortunately this game is only in the English language.My kids do not really understand the language, so it really is difficult to understand.If your children do not speak English, I do not recommend purchasing this game
We love our FallOut and ElderScroll games.  We also have enjoyed The Last Of Us.  But this game just left us cold.
I brought this game because I love sid meier's game but this has to be his worst game by far. Even the demo is confusing and boring. Game play is below par.
Runs great on my RX 480, GTX 960 lower setting s and excellent on R9-390x. Very fun lots to do and see in game
i love girls in bikinis and zombies, but not this game.  it could have have been great
yuk yuk didn't like the force rope swing to get around-- to many games with puzzles these days much drama  to get to the end -owens
One of the best games you can buy for the Vita.  The 2D hand-drawn sprites are absolutely perfect on the Vita screen.  Very fun, addicting, Metroid-Vania action-platformer with classic Japanese art-inspired levels.
I hated this game so much. I got a lot more entertainment smashing the game/packaging to pieces than I did after several hours of gameplay. Not my kinda game at all.
This is excellent, well this not Mario Party but is a all luck base game some what like monopoly with Mario Bros. and Dragon Quest characters and themes.
tirok is a great N64. Anyone should buy this game. too bad its not scary and dosen't have real big dinosaurs. but the real let down in this game is that there is no multiplayer
This game is very fun for anyone who plays it. The best part of this game multiplayer star ship game. But playing the adventure mode with obi-wan or anikan is just as great.
the game is hard and fustrating i am tited of it and now protocal 10 more difficulty the game is not fun ps3 sucks
I regret buying this game... one of the least interesting RPGs I have ever played.
If you like to twitch constantly and be unfairly attacked randomly; have at it. Its simply not fun being stomped over and over again. Some of us do not play video games for a living.
Very long game for your dollar. Good story line good graphics.
this game is one of the best i just love how after  finish the story line you can still play side missions a lot like GTA.
came with a damaged game case, and it's dirty. Returned.
This game is pretty good and Amazon is the best place to shop in my opinion.You really get what you pay for.
had to brighten the tv but it is a great game
Sega nomad just wasn't made right when you go to do something it resets and where you plug in the power cord its on top and they did a better job on the game gear
What can I say it is Mario & Sonic, The kids love to play this game and it keeps them moving I would recommend it
Two Worlds and Dragon Age 2.That is all I really need to say, I think. If I could score these games Zero, I would.
It is a great game, but the fact that the online server is no longer there is REALLY bad.
good alternative when you have to pay for game time.
got this game for my son.  He loves Regular show and was happy to get this one.  Thank you for having this hard to find game.
This game is very awesome a thrilling conclusion and not a disappointment to the god of war series Olympus has finally fallen thanks to kratos
Fun game, loved the first one. This is very good. Just getting into it
This is an exact match of the original gameboy advance.  This will make your gameboy advance look brand new.
This is worth buying just for dmc3 alone. Seriously, I will never look at action games the same way after playing dmc3. It's an amazing, challenging game. Totally worth buying.
Could not get it to work on my PC. I do love the CoD games.
The saves are spaced too far apart in this game.  I got bored doing a half hour of the game over because I was killed with one shot.
This is great in that it enables your controls for the WII game to remain charged, and then they are ready when you are ready to play.
Excellent timing to deliver, package was in more than perfect conditions when received. As far as I have played, game is really interesting and addictive.
Very boring and the scenes just seem to repeat themselves. There are better games out there. Dont' waste your money.
Do not waste your money! What a lame game! Sure wish someone would bring the old "JANES" games to XBOX!
Does not work with most famous games in my IPAD.
This game is less than 4 hours long is a little longer than the movie, and is has only 9 trophies, and no online, DO NOT BUY
Game freezes up alot and will not go to actual size of my screen, seems to be a knock off or burned game but i can deal with it for the price i guess
Fun for the kids and the kids at heart to play the disney infinity games.  But before you buy check and see, but I think disney is going to no longer do the infinity games.
Got so far and have been stuck every since.  No hint or help to be found.  It was a total waste of money for me..Would not recommend it to anyone..awful game.
It's kind of childish, but I enjoy the game. Also the game works. I put it in and it plays.
is very good, this game is very good it recimiendo much to the people who want to play, is for adults, children should not play
Game was received on time and in good packaging.  Rygar was a better game than this sequel IMO, though not a bad game with little replay-ability.
This is a fantastic game. So much fun with groups of 3 or more. Much better than some recent Mario Party titles.
Actually played only game and watch, the original, loved it earlier in life, so i got this for a friend on her birthday.can only assume it was awesome.
I bought this for my mother who loves Alawar games. She loved this one. She will definitely replay this one.It is a hidden object, puzzle, and adventure game.Recommended!Playtime 7+ hrs
Great sculpt... but not enough functionality in Nintendo games across all systems.
One of the worst far cry games I've ever played. Had it in for an hour and traded it for The Order 1886. How it got so many 5 stars I'll never know
Wished David hayter did snakes voice.Still love this game.A must play for any metal gear fan
i haven played pokemon since crystal but i love this new game. its a must have for anyone with a 3ds or 2ds
This game is enjoyable.  The Heritage game is much more difficult but, I am old and a 5 year old would probably do better.  Love them both.  Have brought hours of enjoyment!
I had so much fun with this game I bought a friend of mine the game for his birthday, very enjoyable to play hours of fun, would recommend, Great price
Would not reccomend. Pretty boring and redundant game play.
Won't work unless you have a very old version with side ports, recently purchased a refurbished unit,  does have the plug in socket for the game,no adapters available. Wasted 40.00
I bought this for my boyfriend and I to play. We are both in our early 20's and still had a blast. Great game for all ages!
Super fun for you Smash Bros fans.  It has very nice graphics and game play. Also, the character attacks are not difficult to learn, so kids can definitely play this game as well.
This game has made me realize that the girls that trash their boyfriend's gaming systems aren't crazy. He loves playing with his kid, coworkers and friends online.
My granson is very happy with this game, he plays it for hours
When i got my copy. It must of been glitchedI could not jump over a tiny gap during the chase in the first level. Wow great game.Fail
This game was one of the sorriest game boy advance games I have purchased.  Its not the sorriest and that belongs to Metal Bots.
with this race game same as any other game there are difficulty levels for the experienced or the starters.  a whole bunch of different types of maps to race.
characters were great and so was the mystery. a very good adventure game of all ages. Best of the best
Perfect fit. Hold's all 6 of my games
the game is not complete, it is a scam, to see the true end you have to purchase the Collector's Edition
Really shocked this game is a blast to play with friends
never got the package because it was lost but the game was awesome and i love it the story around it was just sweet . i loved every single part of the game it was well worth it.
This game is a bit weird. It is fun to play but is a bit out dated and confusing. Buy it at a low price and it's worth it.
Awesome game and a lot of fun!!!
Game is in working order. I personally do not like the game but the kids love it!
I love this game I rememvber plauing it as a teen young teen and only getting to play the demo so I never got to play the whole game until now
This was a great game and I'm glad to see it runs on xbox one aswell. Little to no modders now
Good game worth getting, my boys enjoy playing it.
I played this game once after I bouught it, so I never really gave it a chance.
I purchased this product for my granddaughter.  She absolutely loves this game!  Great for ages 10 and older.  Prompt delivery and great pricing are appreciated!
Great game came with everything mentioned must buy if you're looking for a new game to play or have played the original fallout.
Awesome game and personally I felt Amazon had the best pre-order bonuses which is why I went with them.
They took a very fun game with tons of depth and turned it into junk.  Not even worth playing now.
Even if none of the above interest you, give this game a shot. It has been awesome at LAN parties or just futzing around online. Easy to learn and difficult to master.
THIS IS THE WORST MARIO GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It's to easy to beat and it's boring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Don't buy this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Piece of s***. Its just a re-skinned of the third game. Barely any difference besides the story line. I got bored real quick.
i love it and i am happy about it, my copy is coming very soon.but i want computer versus computer to be added in the game.
It being a Strar Wars game sold me on it, unfortunately the fact that there is no single player and lack of maps and modes made me regret the purchase.
The game works OK and will appeal to certain individuals, just not to me.This is a first impression though, and maybe it will pick up as I continue to play it.
Again, a very  old game that did not work. Not worth downloading.
Not a fan of the gamepad that comes with the Wii U so this is a great alternative.
I had a lot of fun with the co-op mode of this game before I even started on the story.  Then I found out that naughty dog did it again with a wonderful story experience.
I owned this game before but it was lost this is a replacement for the original but i love this series of games i own them all hours of fun if you like fighting style games.
I just love this game and it is one that can be played multiple times, due to the fact you can change your character and some of the outcomes.
Barely works at all much less with any games. Its my bad for not researching properly, but who makes a mobile controller that has to be plugged in????
this is a great looking game, fun and easy to play. i love it.  i have always loved pokemon games.  I happy to have time one in my game library.
It would take EA to completely destroy one of the best gaming franchises in history.  This "game" is a complete disaster.  DO NOT BUY THIS.
I had this when it came out years ago lost it some how and decided to buy it once more really fun game with hours of game play I really wish they would come out with another
works as advertised for my gameboy advance sp.
This is a perfect game for those kids who likes superheros, it lets them play as their favorite character and lets them feel as they are the superhero.
Did not like the game. It was extremely boring and not fun at all. I'm more of a fps, or sports gamer and this game did not keep my attention at all.
Only the box came. If bought from Blizzard I would of gotten the game with working code.
Great deal and my Grandsons absolutely  love this game.
I thought I would like it since I love to fly things. Plus being a pilot I thought it would be as blast and its borring to me so I traded it for a different game.
This game is complete crap compared to D1 & D2. I'm extremely disappointed with blizzard and will think twice about buying their games next time.
This a one on one battle of the dynasty warriors series. The gameplay style is much like soul calibur 1 so if you are into those type of games you will like this little title.
This version of the game has corrupted files that will cause the sound to become all static, and your game will crash.
didnt think much to this game, previous alone in the dark games much better than this
i got this game played it once and said screw this and sold it to the neaborhood crackhead for 20 bucks. unless you have a crackhead friend don't buy this game.
The game looks fine, but it doesn't work.
Great game.  Be sure you only buy this if your computer is powerful enough to effectively play it.  My laptop is about 2 years old & it was really "laggy"
Awesome game, anyone who loves mario will love this game.  The possibilities are endless.  I wish they would update the game however and put more enemies and more powerups to be available for use.
Its a shame to much opposite to the regular MOH games, no easy to understand and hard to move dark also, hope i can get the best of it in the days to come
A timeless classic. The best halo by far.  Better than most modern titles with HD graphics. It gets all the little things right that modern fps games overlook.
Mostly worth it with friends, but still a good game.
Really? Princess Sonya kissed Sonic after the chaos emeralds appeared. This game is the worst. Just super bad. so many people saying glitches and bad controls. Boo.
Great series, awesome visuals,Good game! Loved it!
worst saints row I have ever played. I like that Johnny is back but not a good way to play it I beat it and I didn't like the game play for this game one bit
I bought this game for the kids and they like it. I cant say its their favorite game but they still play it from time to time.
Great games and a cool blue controller!!! Awersomeness!!!
this is cool,but a game pyramid would be AWESOME!!!!!!!!!da pen is cool too but it needs more games!!!!!!!!!!I WANT A GAME PYRAMID!!!!!!!!!!!^_~
This game is kinda cool but has a lot of cut scenes and different characters than the TV series show
This is the best looking game i've seen on the PS4 by far, unfortunately that's the only real positive thing i can say about it.
Works as stated. Only game that doesn't seem to work from my collection is level 2 of Battletoads. Other than that all is well.
Download was so easy to my 3DS!  This is one of my boyfriends favorite games!  Plays great!
This is an underrated SNES game. Pick it up if you can get it under $20!
Bought the "new" game but it was definetely used and re-sealed. People are so dumb.
Way too many better options out there than this confusing stupid game
I own several wrestling games and SmackDown VS. Raw 2006 is my favorite. It has an ongoing storyline and amazing graphics that any wrestling fan will enjoy.
I played many games from first person shooter and I know the quality that some games had, but this title realy sucks. Don't waste your money.
Such a fun concept of being able to control gravity.  I haven't really played a game like this before.  Waiting for the confirmed sequel now and have it on pre-order.
I don't know why they keep making these games they are never good. They should focus on other things rather than releasing this subpar grindfest.
Son loves this game. Plays it all the time. Definitely a must have if this is what you are into.
Requires xbox live gold account. Completely useless to purchase this game. Fuxk Xbox Live and their gold accounts.
Basically it's evil dead the video game.
Totally love the game. Adictive gameplay. So much to do and fighting combinations.love the beast master skill. Far cry gets better every time!
This game is by far one of the greatest games out on the market at this time. I recommend everyone to buy the game.
DIDN'T WORK!!!!! Gave to someone as a Christmas present, luckily I WENT THROUGH SOMEONE ELSE for the Mortal Kombat game I bought her!
I found this game kind of boring and repetitious very quickly. Not much else to say about it. It is a poor console port.
I found this game to be incredibly boring.
Crashes upon load. Do not buy this game.
There are new puzzle challenges and some set up changes from the first BrainAge game. I think both of these games are well-made and well thought out.
Played for 30 min got bored took it back to the video store.Who ever came up with this idea for a game must have been on Geritol.
For a game for PS4, this is a throwback to PS2 for graphic, story line and overall gameplay. Not do good for PS4 standard!
I expected more, being a fan of far cry I was dissapointed with game play.
I loved it, but I think the first game is scarier.
Next to the N64 Game  (The one that is 2 games in one)  My son says this is one of the best Castlevania he has played its a real challange for him
I'm very upset this game with no case and it show's a case I want the case this is crap
During game play character appears as normal, unlike other special editions that show up as different colors or with different titles.
My son just loves his PSP games he is 7yrs old and He takes it every where with him and he loves it
This is a bad port of a really good collection of games. You should not buy this version of it.
My son likes this game, but he doesn't love it. I like to try new games, but this game just doesn't cut it at all.
Love it. Probably becuase of nostalgia. Still a great game. Runs better on the first gen PS3, because of smoothing though.
the game arrived on time and plays great no complaints here thanks you very much to whoever sold it to me
The game is basically unplayable, saw the bad reviews thought I'd try anyway and it was a mistake..
You only get two (2) installs this time before the game becomes a coaster!This would be hilarious if it wasn't sad. $40 for a short term rental... ROFL.Avoid!
terrible linear game.  Very short.  Buy Sniper GW 2 instead!
Wow just wow. The network issues are awful for this game. They should not have launched such an incomplete product.
it a grate game wish it was easer on the graphic card windows 7 rates my graphic card as a 7.0 and it puts it at the loosest graphic every thing looks like crap
One of the best strategic games I've ever played, but now on PS4, and not even at full price! Definitely worth it.
Awesome game ,Tricks are a lil difficult to perform but awesome graphics almost lifelike.
This game is a broken mess.  My game lags all the time and the cameras are way to sensitive.  The graphics look like graphics from the Nintendo 64.  It's a horrible game.
Stupid "data limit reached" notification after you put in a good 4 hours. Otherwise best computer game ever made.
Very complex game, full of unsuspected surprises, not for the weak of heart. Would recommend this game to all adult gamers...
Bioshock is a great game and scary as well. It is worth the price I paid for it and it's in my collection for xbox 360.
Lame first person shooter. The walk speed is too fast or something because this game also made me feel dizzy.
They made this game hard to play...You will get killed ALOT !!
this game is the most scariest game ever.a whitch that has glowing red eyes,jumping zombies.the funniest,addicting game!
Not as good a game as I remembered it.
When i got the game and the 3ds on my birthday i loved it it was amazing it was exactly like the dreamcast version
I am easily entertained but this was boring a ding ding. Shooting and tramping through fields, why should I? This game is 20 years behind the times.
I bought it to go with my complete set of Tony Hawk video games for the PS2. It went well with my set.
call of duty is the absolute BEST world war 2 action shooter EVER! no medel of honor or soldiers of fortune game will EVER outdo this game. i would recommend it to ANY pc gamer!
Totally loved this game, was much better than expected. If you like the Assasin's Creed saga, you will love this game. Lara Croft looks great!
In shooter games like this I like to use the left stick to aim and the right stick to walk.  This game has no such setting making it unplayable for a lefty like myself!  BOO!
How in 2013 that games like this are getting released is beyond me. Do yourself a favor and DONT PLAY THIS GAME.  A drink coaster is all this game can aspire for
This expansion pack added a much needed refresher to my Sims game. I love it, it has a lot of new places to explore and ways to interact.
This game on PS4 is ruined by the loading times. I'm used to console games loading slower than PC, but this game takes so long that the the Bloodborne logo literally burned into my TV.
after playing 30 minutes and finishing all the missions i understand that it was wasted money. game physics was not good atall..not a for ps4
It is fun and not just for kids to play as you maybe thinking when looking at it. Not just another Lego game as the others have been at times.
I rate this product a five star. It can save many game files. It's also easy to delete. I recommend this product all with GameCube and Wii.
Came fast and great game love the plush toy lol gave it to my lil princess
Why so expensive!! No DS game not even pokemon should be 100$.....
I got this for someone as a gift, they enjoy the option to save their ps4 game and take it with them. This is completely compatible with the ps4 version but requires purchase of both games.
This game is a good hidden object game, lots of challenges and nice story as well.  I like the task and easy to move around.
Although this game may be really good, to beat it around 6 hours, it's not woth $[...].For that short time of fun I wouldn't pay more than $[...].
Bought this for my friend, apparently he already had it but it worked great and it was a good game.
The Dream Chronicles games are my all-time favorites. Beautiful graphics and an amazing story!!! And I can take it with me on my DSI too.....
The games does not come in all three only 2 the first one you have download which I thought was stupid and a waste of my money.
Bought this here on Amazon 4 years ago and still have it and it still plays perfectly. Its one of the best PSP games around and any God of War fan should try it out.
Also boring like Stronghold HD, I guess I have a hard time getting into these kind of games. Here are more words so I can submit.
Great system and the number 1 selling 7th Generation video game system. Great for friends and family.
the shipping was fast, the game is played on Steam, but that is fine, I have had an account with Steam for quite some time.
I bought the two best N64 games with this awesome card!!!! but i later found this same card at Best Buy for just $20 that made me pretty made
Was very underwhelmed by this game, quite annoying to play, with clumsy controls and functions.  Tried to play a couple of times before I gave up.
Great fighting game, with a real story and lovely graphics.  There is a wide variety of iconic heroes to choose from, and various modes to engage in.
I remember loving this game but, when I decided to catch up for nostalgia's sake the thing I notice most is that it freezes up all the time.
According to my nephew this game is awesome.
This game sucks. Boring, stupid, and frustrating. No effort was put in this poor port. Get ps3 version, still is slow but better than this garbage.
they really messed up with this revision, maybe to push gamers to buy ps4the graphics are crap very poor, feels like on ps2.and downhill from there.
The variety of weapons & such in this game, coupled with the cooperative multiplayer almost makes up for the fact that the game is yet another repetitive & boring FPS.
Great Value, Lots of online game-play for quite a long time in the future. Also you get 48 free games as a gold member for this period of time.
Simply put, this is an amazing game.  I have not yet beat it due to lack of time but i like what i have seen so far.
The revenant statue is badass and the game is amazing. Haven't played multiplayer though but I'll give it a try
I bought this game for my younger kids, but I thought the game was a little complex for them.  I quickly returned the game, and received my money back on the game.
Great DLC to add more options for gameplay.
Good game.  Ballanced with variety.  3 perspectives (nations) with land, sea, and air battles.  As the man said:  I love it so!
excellent product charm me the truth surpassed my expectations, very good game
Great video game that I still play with my friends; )
I had no expectation that this game would be as good or pretty as it is.  A must have for Wii U owners.
Great game, one of the best ever for DS, shipped as expected.
This is by far one of my favorite collectors editions of all time. It has a solid carrying case with two well made items that drake himself use in the game. The steal case is awesome!
Are you a Mama fan? Then this game is for you! It's cute but still in line with the Mama line of games.
Good game, my kid love it!!
My 6yr old loves all The Lord of the rings and hobbit movies, Legos, games, etc.  this game completed his collection, he loves playing it using all the characters.
My son loved this game! Thank you!
Great game.F 1 race lovers will enjoy it, Very realistic.
Waste of time and money. I hought it had the original arcade game. Not only did it not have the original game, but it would not even boot in the xbox360 console.
This game met my expectations. A very worthy purchase. Amazon service was excellent as usual.
Only 1 pack worked. There were a lot of games and I was disappointed that only 1 out of five packs I could play. I would not recommend to anyone.
amazing game. dark and fun with a great story
This game was easy to get through and my son got bored quickly. There are a lot of characters to unlock. Wasn't really worth the money.
My slut gf replays the blowjob mission now I hate this game lol
I loved this game when it first came out plus it was a game my wife got for me awhile back. So to find it again made me very happy and the ganme itself is AWESOME.
Seems like a great game from everything I've seen about it.  It was really good Amazon had this.
Good game, keep forgetting that I own it though.  Not very addictive for better or worse.
Great effects! The game has lots of twists and turns. More Coins and jewels to win. You have to be fast to win then. But that makes the game fun!!
Bioshock Infinite is a really great game and the PS3 version comes with the original Bioshock too.
love each and every one of these......this is the Hidden Objects kind of game i can play for weeks and weeks and i do just that.
This game is one of my favorite games.  It will provide me months of playing in the future and I am enjoying every minute so far.
Didn't mess anything up and let the adult me be nostalgic while not devoting my life to games.
Favorite game I wanted badly to play again.  Unfortunately though the disc was pristine and the cover art etc is excellent shape with out the activation code it was worthless and had to be returned.  disppointed
This game is a disappointment really bad game people if you wann be buy this game don't it like I did
The statue is a beast! It's so detailed and pretty heavy too. A big improvement from the third game's statue. Great game too
I love this game. Although I can't say it's up in my favorites it's definitely a good game full of adventure with a nice story line--definitely underrated.
The game has been done in superior fashion so many times previously, but I do have to ask.  Why is there an African on the cover of a game that covers World War I?
this is not a steam game, this downloads thru EA game engine and its awful hard to keep the client running to download game , I had to give up.
I collect Star Wars games, have beaten about every single one available for every system. Make no mistake, this is one of the worst of the worse....
typical apocalyptic russian game. very good one tho.
This game is great and addictive,  I liked both story and multiplayer. I like the fact that you can get this game for $15 here by individual sellers.
You CANNOT customise hotkeys in this game.  Blizzard has demanded you use the ones they set for you.Review will remain 1 out of 5 stars until a future patch makes the Hotkeys customisable in the menu.
I traded after only a week. I think they should of kept this game on the PC. Unbearable trying to play this game on the game console.
I LOVE this product! Got both the game AND the remote.....
All they had to do was make this game exactly like Fallout 3, but with a different location. These people are incredibly stupid.
This game is sub par for Blizzard.  Not fun, no customization and offers nothing new.  Just play Diablo 2 and save your money.
Customization of virtually everything about your car, huge car selection, good graphics for the 360, and great physics and control are all good reasons to give this game a solid 5 stars
the game cheats in some levels with respawning enemys how can you copleate a goal level if your fighting the same respwaning enemyies its not fair and its not fun
I didn't read the description of the game, silly me.  This is a strategy game and not a first person shooting game that I thought it would be.
Maybe its because its an old game now but I found it rather boring.  The AI is dumb and visually the game doesn't look that great.
A great game remade in 'HD'Note that only core models have gotten the HD treatment. Many models are still PS2 era funk.
Totally disappointed in this game, don't even know why i bought it!
Finally a new Zelda game! This is a great one. It plays very well. Would highly recommend.
great game good plot and not short kept me entertained for hours and i have still not beat it would recommend 5*
Upgraded graphics engine really shines with the return of Master Chief. Everything about this game is spectacular, a clear improvement and step forward for the franchise.
I bought this for a online game, that I really enjoyed on xbox 360,  but it is a dud on xbox one online will not work just wasted my money no refund digital  down.
Great quality and quick delivery! A perfect example of a used game which worked flawlessly! For the money you can't beat it!
i just buy this game to know the end of the history
Not too much fun with this game.Games are pretty lameHard to line up controllersBought for the reviewsWill stick with EA Sports,Activision and 2K
Even though used, I have o complaints about the game.
Worst AC game to date. Nice job Ubisoft NOT.
this works flawless for the xbox 360 slim, it is louder but once the game gets going you don't notice it
Got this for my Stepfather for his birthday. Shipped fast. He loves it. Great for someone who likes oldschool atari games. They have a good selection of them
Really lame game, and this is from someone who loves star wars. Wait till its $20 or lower. It feels like a $20 download game more than it does a full $60 game
I found this game to be boring and the graphics were not the best. If you like little green men, go for it.
there are not many good games out to use this for. save your money and buy something else. don't recommend
This game is filled with glitches. and has terrible graphics. unlike the other games for rayman. he's pathetic. he barely has any powers, or useful ones anyway
Best sports game ever made, graphics are sick! You can't buy another game for next-generation that will just blow you away
Interesting story line. Keeps the player intact. Lots of things to explore. The gameplay is fantastic. The graphics are really good too for a console. Controls are well placed.Highly recommended.
Fun for about an hour. If you don't have a dedicated team to play on, don't bother. Was super excited about this game. What a fail.
I could write the longest review ever - but this is an old game, and there's so many other reviews already.If you are thinking about it - do it!  Great price for a great game.
Did not come with game and the figure foot was broken this was a bad product
My son has thoroughly enjoyed this game. Excellent quality and condition.
Nothing changed in this game. I don't know why people lie that its better etc. The interceptions are still high and not you fumble the ball every down from any player. Returned the game...
Kids loved this one. Really loved it. The only complaint I had about it is the expense. I'm never convinced these games are worth the money.
It don't feel like resident Evil! Feels like Texas Chainsaw massacre!! What happened to the classical Resident Evil Horror game
All of the games are to old to play on my PC. The game itself just makes my PC puke pixels all over my screen.
My kids really enjoy to play this game and it had a good price to buy. The play a lot.
Loved the Donkey Kong Country games for SNES.  This game just doesn't have the same fun factor.  Found myself focusing on the controls too much, the motion controls take away from the overall fun.
Great game. The history and overall experience of the game is so much better than the previous samurai warriors games.
arrived in great condition, my boyfriend loves these old games !
This is a horrible video game and not worth purchasing,
The 1 star ratings aren't warrented in my opinion. People are mad because they can't log onto the servers, not because the game isn't good. Contact Blizzard Support or be quiet.
This game is awesome I have to admit it but this game have so many issues that I don't like.
U4 and Primal are the only games I've enjoyed so far this year. If you like the Uncharted this outing delivers on all the franchise's usual shenanigans, and it does so beautifully.
This is the worst 3ds game I have played. It is boring and repetitive.  Total waste of time and money.
He was so excited when he received this game for Christmas. He played it endless and I recommend this game to others.
game will not install,no solutions found by company.i cant even try the game,it simply won't work,waste of money,might as well flush your money down the toilet.
What a great game! It has a lot of play time, and should be a great party game!  I've put 7 hours into the story mode and I'm barely into chapter 3
Awesome game, love it till this day. 2015. If you have a friend with a copy and a switch, you guys can LAN Coop, extremely fun, highly recommend.
can't play it, I loaded it and it just started where my old game started from,it was not anything new, I was mad''
The game is great, and the shipper shipped it great the disc works as should.
i don't understand why you need to be online to play a local game mode...if you have no internet you can't play this period.
The game is broken out of the box. Avoid it until you hear that they fixed it. I can only play the cpu offline...that' it.
Sad that later titles weren't as well polished as this one.  The great thing about PC games are mods and there were some pretty interesting ones released for this game.
broken game, often hacked, and overrated mess. it's simply a camp fest for small minded gamers, terrible map design, boring
Great game with fantastic music and very nice story line.
Game is a POS like the seller game is trash I'm throwing it in the trash
Awesome game - graphics got an upgrade from 2017 also some controller actions have changed - fantastic game
I'm an old school gamer, not that old school haha but this is a really fun game. Awesome! It arrived in excellent condition. Thank You!!
I had it fixed cause it was not working in my xbox360 so i had the game clean so now it works
ea doesn't support the game the servers are down
Far Cry Fan love playing this games many things to do lots of fun yes I would recommend to buy thumbs up.
I can't believe anyone is buying a game they can only install 3 times. Hope you guys are ready for a lot of frustration when u reach the limit
I expected more out of this title. The game pad doesn't really add much to immersion of game play. Hopeful Nintendo does something more unique next time.
This game has not aged well at all. Quite frankly the quality of final fantasy games has been waning. This game is just boring as hell.
right out of the box the action started...you know the rest. Great game!! Amazon has the best prices when it comes to video games.
I cancelled my preorder when i discovered that this game is censored.
not so engaging story. Heavy rain,  TWD and until dawn are far far better games in similar gener
I got for one of my best friends and his daughter to get some daddy daughter bonding time. They play it quite a bit and its such a great game to bridge generations.
Awful.  Very old software.  In todays age software makers should not be selling games that are not up to date.
Do you like reddot sights? Do you like throwing grenades? Do you like constantly freezing your console while playing FPS games? Then THIS is for you.
Im playing all old my old games and JN title games now.. Thank you
The game was ok to me I know other people say it's amazing but I didn't see nothing cool about it I prefer the first one
Too much for a vita remaster and its a niche game kind of like monster hunter
Love the game and it came in excellent time.
Excellent collection for the PS3. The included download codes all worked great! I highly recommend this game collection.
Wish they come out with this on ps4  I love the call of duty games
Fun game when played casually. My brother complained it turns into a dating sim though.
Great game,  definitely suspenseful and makes you jump with a decent pair of headphones,  and in the dark.
$25 for a game thats about 15yrs old? Thats hilarious. No thanks.
Fun game for kids and turtle fans. Simple and fun.
The game would not install from the disc and kept on wanting to download instead. It was extremely pissing me off
I really should not write a review but I am because this game did not in it's description that is is NOT for Windows 7!!
it kept freezing and stopping didn't get to enjoy the game like i enjoy the movie. I seems like a good fun game only if it was  playing smoothly
It was a good game to begin with but gets very repititive very soon . played only like 24% of the game and now i will probably never play it again.
this is the stuppidiest game i've ever played. I advise everyone not to play it or buy it. It really sucked.
This game is very boring.The only thing you do is farming.The story does not make any sense.If you do not like Japanese RPG, then do not buy it
This could have been a fun and interesting game, but the checkpoints and save points are two very different things. The save points can cost you an hours worth of play. No thanks.
Really great game if you're a DBZ fan.
This game is fun the graphics weren't that great but they were good enough for me game play was fun I would tell anyone who likes R.P.G's to buy this game.
unfortunately, i couldn't play this game.  it was too big for the screen and there was no cursor.  waste of money.
Some of the moments in this game were so awesome, it would be hard to describe. You really just have to play it.
Excellent game play. Bought it for my gf.. she loves it. Traveling back and forth to the past and future is a blast.
The game feels exactly the same as last year. This is what you get when you give the exclusive license to one company. Thanks NFL. I'm done with Madden.
Very fun game and has a great story!
Spellbinding in the story, graphics, gameplay. Worth 2 month preorder wait.
Good game to work out e lost a few pounds!
Mouse sensor is crap. Sensor stops working for 10+ seconds at a time, making it literally impossible to play any game. DO NOT waste your money on this trash product.
I just got this game and it was worth the wait. My grandkids an I play it and have a blast. Truly a fun game.
This was a gift for my girlfriend. We needed some games for our Wii console and this had several games. She likes most of the games.
My son needed extra memory for his old gamecube that he had started using again.  Can't beat the price and amount of storage you get here.  Worked with no issues.
Good deal guys...and it also comes with the original case.good deal for a new game.
My husband absolutely loves this game. He can't stop playing it. Every now and then I watch him play and the graphics are amazing!
Mario Kart 7 is a must have for all gamers of 3d's owners. Nintendo titles are always easy to play with family and friends.
Outer casing seems to wiggle loose and rattle when certain games are in it my 3rd 360 so far
I can not complain with the new look. The ps2 looks nice and saves a lot of space. Every game, controller, and memory card works without any issue.
I can't get through the simplest of battles because the buttons on this controller are so iffy. Makes game playing a real pain in the butt.
I bought this Nintendo Gamecube memory card because I still play my gamecube from time to time.
One of very few games I don't mind replaying over and over.
really good game recommended for all people who are looking for the action of the adventures in different fields good game..
Still boring. This game has no action or plot to it. It doesn't even take place in a kingdom! They talk toooo much in the game and is confusing.
Very fun. Just got the game my son was very happy he got it for doing a good job on his school work. :)
this game is horrific and was what if feared when i bought a wii.....the loadtimes are just as bad as the games
I don't really understand why this game got so much hype really.  It's nothing special.  There really isn't anything great about this game.
I don't know what I was expecting from this game but if you have a lot of time on your hands this is the game for you because it takes forever!
The game is kind of dissapointing. Not what i was expecting. The first 3 games and Jak X were much better.
Force to you listen to Lebron's rambling every time you start the game. The control is gotten more convoluted, Back to 2K13.
i was tricked by an epic anonymous heckler from 4chan dotcom to byeing this game for the gamecube advanced and now they are making a second one also i only played it a little
Games boring, I thought it would be fun with all the hype people are saying about the game, I'm a gamer and trust me this game will bore you to death.
it worked perfectly. i love this game since the begining 1998 for me, playing final fantasy 7 and 8. thanks a lot
Fun game. My son (8yr) loves it
This game was a waste. My daughter is 9 years old and she ginisyed and got bored of thid gsme with a week. I definitely wish I spent my money on something with more substance
This game is poorly made and imposible to complete. I coulden't even get pass the 1st level. Don't buy this piece of junk, it is not worth your time.
I want to drive tanksi cant drive tanks in this gameor helicoptersthat is a deal breakerone star!
Dumbfounded by all the praise of gamers.  I hated it.  The combat is nothing special, and the plot is ludicrous.
I sooooooo hate this game. It's just not for me. Graphics are pretty slick, though.
Really love the game play very good on all points must, hours of fun great story line an fun all the way through,
The other games were better in the series.
I love this game. I got it so my son could play it, since it's less "scary" than the PS3 version.
Really fun game to play.  Never get tired of it.
This is a great game.  I thought it was significantly more interesting to play than the previous title.  Wish I would have played this sooner.
Not the game.  A method of joining a site that will provide the game for you; none of which is mentioned in the specs.
Great little console! Got it to replace the one I lent to a friend and never got back sad to say! Now I can trade things back and forth on my gameboy games again!
This is easily the scariest game I've ever played in life.
This game is awesome and super scary . I played it on vr it is amazing  . A must buy
This game is no longer playable on the PS2 via regular means due to the servers being shutdown. Still a neat game to have in any collection.
It arrived on time and it is a really fun game.
cant even play the game, missing files or something
Not a good console of game. I returned it immediately after buying this. Over heated
inside the box the game came not pedi I feel cheated
My Hubby and I both liked this game. It was fun and clean so I didn't mind my kids watching us play.
i recently rented this game and let me tell you it' like goldeneye for n64 but you can also control vehicules and blow up walls and stuff it's awesome
I couldn't install the game, my antivirus thought the setup was infected.
Awful game, that discourages exploration. So damn linear in level design with a boring story to boot.
After Black Flag this game fell flat. I think they have the ability to make these games great but they don't spend the time on them.
Excellent game fulfilled my expectations, I hope to buy another time with you
Not exactly what I expected, not that I had any real original expectations.  A really different type of game.  You may enjoy it.
I bought this has a Christmas gift for my sister fantastic game! Good graphics recommend this game for younger people that love to play this type of game.
It is a great hidden objects game! It does have a few difficult puzzles in it, but it was a very fun game to play.
The game seems fresh with the all new six button guitar controller and a ton of music to play on the GH TV mode! Fun game and sad to see it go!
Sorry...  telltale games are just not for me.  They are super boring.
This doesn't even worth a star. Just like lemans 24 hr. a game developer trying to hustle a quick buck. Don't touch this.Andre
Didn't like this game. Put it on the shelf.
Absolutely the most fun I've ever had in a video game.This is so much better than Animal Crossing City Folk.
One the WORST games I've ever seen !!!
Not as hard as the first game....not user friendly...
Just not a good game.  Stupid play and hard to fallow.  Just stupid.  Just stupid.  Just stupid.  Just stpuid.  End of comments.
It works well with most of the games that I try to use it with, handles well and all around, it's a pretty good controller.
This seller was a fast shipper and I didn't have to go thru a whole week of is it here yet. My son loved the game and the price was fantastic.
sincerely I can't used. I tried to download in my computer and take too time. I can' t open this game
This game is simply awful. The graphics are terrible, the physics of driving are way off and the game is in no way innovative and the story cursory at best, avoid.
If you don't like this game see a doctor. End of story.
Garbage graphics, poor storyline, and tedious gameplay. Yes, it's a massive open world but that doesn't make up for its mediocrity in every other aspect.
Great game. Graphics so much better then on the other ones. well worth the money
I got the game and it plays just great. thank you.
Its not great. Annoys me can't play 2 players in battle. Witch sucks. Makes the game boring. :(
For my son it's perfect, so I can't say any thing more, because I don't play these games, but it's enought for me
stupid stupid stupid the game is bad every time i play transformers with a friend they ask me do you want to play this crap
Love these retro collections. Liked the Genesis games, but they always crashed. Now I can play them again on my PS2!
Highly enjoyed this game, Even better than the last.
This is a terrible game but good for the star wars collector now that everything in it is non canon.
This game is really boring and it has high systems requirements and video cards problems...... Do not BUY this game!
It wasn't really what I thought it would be. The humor is bleh and the gameplay is repetitive and gets boring really quick.
Graphics not that good. Gameplay is same as last game. Atmosphere and story is very good. Its like a Far Cry 3 Mod. Not a lot is new compared to Far Cry 3.
This games sucks.  Don't waste your money on it, the game is only 5 hours long tops.  If you want to play a great mob game play The Godfather.
Love this game. Very fun and there is a learning curve to each Titan. Can't wait for Titanfall 3.
...  Wow this sucks.Okay the entire game honestly sucks.  Game play is clunky and repetitive.  Dialog is funny at times but feels forced.Honestly don't bother.
grandson plays this game every day after school and weekend.. he just loves this game. he get his grandpa to play with him and beets him also....... thank you!
Dont produce crap games with so little content and expect us to pay for extra content
Dont buy this product if you live in central America because there is no way to get playstation plus or redeem codes , you need this to enter online game and functions
Gears Of War 4 does everything required to bring the franchise roadie-running into 2016 without losing what made it so good to begin with. One of the best games on the Xbox One.
it was not what i was expecting for game play but it got here in a prompt timely manner and it was a decent price so i cant complain to much
Fun game and I enjoy it especially since it was free haha.
Definitly the best video game I've ever played. Everything in this game is excelent: the story, characters, challenges, music, graphics, scenarios, etc.
my son loves the game...  good fast delivery price and works goodcan get many free down loads of cars and tracks
maybe it was my computer but the game runs so fast there is no time to strategize or build units.
I received the product in good condition on the outside del CD. but this game is damaged freezes often disappoint me bad purchase and shipment not valid
Straight garbage. The only good game on here is Kameo. I suggest getting a PS4 with Bloodborne; much better option.
haven't played it yet but have created teams and a franchise game. so works perfectly so far.
Get a second Xbox controller, call over your bros, and have a blast!!! GOTY 2016 in my opinion in terms of games to play with others!HYPED!
One of my favorite games. I wish 2k still made the college games. What more can you say. 2K makes the best sports games.
Great game, lots of fun one of my faves, I'm not even a WW2 buff but I liked playing this and learning about the battles as it reenacts them in campaign.
Meh. I'd rather use the regular Xbox controller for fighting games.
What you see on the cover is what you get. It's all blood and gore with no skill or interactivity involved. It's a one player mode game with the same repetitive motions.
This was an ok game, but I just could not get in to this game and the way it plays.
It would be really nice if this game had campaign mode. For what it is, this game gets really really boring and has not space fights. Don't recommend buying this at all.
I just got this game today and I must say the older NASCAR games have better graphics.i do not like this game what do ever
Fun interactive game for kids. It holds my child's attention and it is rewarding for them when they complete actions in the game
I have purchased a lot of singstar games they are all great. There are no issues with any of the CD's. Buy them while you can
My daughter beat the game 1st time she played it,  now she's got nothing to do. What a waste of money!
great game. big boss extreme difficulty, and hunting the badges/unlocks in the game offers great re-playability! even those not a fan of the series will have a blast.
Oh! come on this game isn't that easy. It is so hard. This game has too many confusing puzzels. If you looking for something Really fun try something a little easier.
how sells a game with only the cover of the manual that's dumb
his favorite - he loves this game, always playing it. I think it's too redundant. Always doing the same thing over and over.
Amazon.com does not provide the product codes for Legendary (or any game for that matter) and the one I received was invalid on purchase.
Great game, lots of fun.  There isn't really anything special from the first one, just more monsters.
Feels very similar to the OG gamecube controller, aside from the triggers.
under rated game - loved it-  great for any scooby doo fan and good for any age - fun to play and easy.
Son loves DSI. game board very well. wishes it was red but that is all that was wrong with it.
even  being a 2007 game it has a re-playability, although except jumping from what looks to be a Dakota twin engine to land at the various skill drops (5 per operation) game play is rudimentary.
This is a great game although it is not that well known. It has good music with a fun story.
Love to yarn made Yoshi.  I was surprised that the quality was so good.  My 5 year old girl loves it and she can play it with her favorite Wii game.
ProsFun gameAwesome updatesAddictingColorfulEasy to jump right in to playConsNeed the internetGames can sometimes be glitchy since it has to connect to the internet
This game is terrible and linear. Please release an updated Diablo 2 and all will be forgiven.
There are so many good things to say about this  game but I'm too busy spending my time playing it! If you have a 3DS/2DS buy this now!
Seemed excited when she opened the box, but as far as I can tell, my daughter has not played this game much. Asked why, she said it was alright.
Much better control set up by being able to change the wheel motion into using the d pad on a regular wii remoate. Great game for friends
Item arrived on time and as described. Would purchase from again. Thanks! Awesome game!
I am a big fan of Kingdom Hearts, not too thrilled with the cards gameplay, but I love the game none the  less. Product was as decribed still in its wrapping.
I love this game! It was like your doing a family reunion!.. you can exercise at the same time will playing!
I cannot get past the Main Menus screen. tends to freeze. I played the game before but this copy sucked.
My son played this game for around 2 hours total and then asked if he could trade it in...don't waste your money or time.
Again, it seems I should have played all of the prior Zelda games before playing Twilight Princess.  But, nothing beats any of the Zelda games, so they are all fun.
Only took me two hours to complete. Some gamers only took 30 minutes to complete the campaign. In my opinion, good to try but not value for money.
The game is OK; but I accidently ordered the wrong one.  I wanted Wii Sports Resort.
It is a hard game to play and there is no way to save the game unless you reach a certain point, that means you have to start all over from a distant place in the game
Thief sucks king kong size b@llz  in my opinion,check it out on youtube fore you buy it,games like this shouldnt exist thats why its being given away on xbox live shame the company that made it
This game was not made by the company that made the first two. The game play is not as smooth and you will die out of nowhere.
awesome deal for the game that it is .
Love this game! is to intense and I really like both games Empire and napoleon total war if you like total war game you will like this Collection!
Don't even get me started. This game is just terrible.
I love SC II ! Waiting for the Hots <3 u SC II <3 u Fun and Cool game hope Bliaazzard always like that ! WOW
this game is boring and dumb. all you do is walk around this stupid porely designed kingdom I don't recomend it. Age of Mythology is a better myth game
Not as good as Civilization 5, but still a very fun game where you can spend hours of your time. The game is well made and fun to play if you love strategy.
All "Need For Speed" games are great! Just added to my collection.
Classic game, good one, went to work late one time because of it..
i love these game it keeps me busy for hours and makes you really think on how to win it
Boring game graphics engine is great but story line is mediocre
Much better than the one I bought off gamestop. This one is responsive and doesn't glitch out like a store-bought one.
Loved the way the game is set up and I liked the story behind the game I really enjoyed the multiplayer
This game is unplayable. We could not get it to calibrate and we give up. Returning for refund.
This game is awful and I feel awful for buying it.  Don't buy this game.  The movie wasn't even that great.
Just a waste of money not like the other hitman games there is just something off with it!
i enjoy this game, its easy to play and good condition i receibe, this is a good game to play in family or friends, i enjoy when i playing the Mana song! thank you!
Fun for the kids and the kids at heart to play the disney infinity games.  But before you buy check and see, but I think disney is going to no longer do the infinity games.
As it said.. fun game similar to monopoly and I enjoyed my purchase and had lots of fun with it
I love this game since it came the 8th of February at my house I am loving it so far on my Xbox 360 playing the game on the big screen tv upstairs.
This is not a very good game. I have PS2 games with better graphics. It did not take very long to finish.
Why do we need a 3 or a 2 but just a 1.  New songs do not matter when you can NOT clear the first levels of the 1st game.
Can't do off line Player vs Player!I bought it to play against my daughter and that cant be done unless we have 2 PS3 sets and games and sign online!Useless
this device is cheap and ineefective in some games. i didn't like that i had to buy a real nunchuck in its palce to play some games.
Didn't work and crashed my computer for a long while. Computer finally turned back on, but had to remove the game. Sad face.
Took a chance and came out happy! I was worried about buying a physical game card online but I said what the heck I need that  JP DLC. Worked just fine.
This Capcom classic games I try didn't work right I vote no to this games until I get it replaced
Excellent game based on the Beetlejuice movie that would eventually spawn into toys and cartoon shows. Originally I have the game up to my middle school days and traded games with classmates for other games.
I don't have any interest in this game. I was stupid to buy them before actually playing then... boring! get halo or gears instead.
Very Disappointed. Very Confusing. Was expecting Was expecting a game similar to Hitman Absolution. I traded it in for credit.
I bought this game after reading the reviews and trust me it was so bad that i traded it in after half an hour of playing it.don't waste your money with this horrible game.
My kids are both learning how to spell playing this game. They absolutely love it! I would recommend to any parent trying to get their kids to play learning games.
On the PlayStation the text is a bit small, but gameplay is fun.
your playing a game you think its fun from the case you put it in and everything goes to hell
My kids love this game! I even like this game! They love seeing the familiar characters in 3D! Graphics are great also! Helps pass the time when traveling!
I got this game for my 6yr old for Christmas and she loves it. she gets to bath and brush the dog of her choice and dress him up. she loves it
This game is astoundingly bad. The dialog is bad. The control is bad. The graphics are bad. It earns the one star it has by having a case.
Had a hard time syncing the gun to the game. Hardly got to play it.
Good quality unbeatable price i just bought it on black friday and it works like a charm until now recomended to any gamer
This is absolutely amazing, love the graphics, the gameplay, the music an the history, everybody needs to play this game.
This is a great game, a perfect addition to this classic series.  The create a fighter mode is truly amazing and should be added to all MK games.
I love my AC games. Highly recommend them. AC: Brotherhood is my all time fave one.
It's an easy way to play Solitaire and I am learning other Solitaire games that is fun; too.  Good buy!
Nintendo did it again, this game is just so much fun... no story, no streamlines, no boundaries but so much creativity, must have for any wii u owner.
The best game on PS3, TLoU is just garbage compare to this one
Works perfectly connecting my GBA SP to my Gamecube games, so far I've connected it to 4 games and love the extra features it unlocks in those games.
the metroid prime federation forces video game for the 3ds is the greatest video game in the universe a true classic the best of the best the metroid prime federation forces video game for the 3ds rocks ^_^
Best Naruto Game Yet. I hope they put it out for PS4... A must have for Naruto fans or any fan of a great fighting game with a great storyline...
Great game. Lots of fun. Origins was a blast and legends is even better. I recommend for anyone who's a fan of the series or even newcomers
I got great reviews about this game but personally I did not like it at all the story was kinda clumsy and the gameplay bad.
By far the best tomb raider game I have played. The graphics are superb for this level of technology. The game play is very engaging and not too difficult for most players.
My grandson likes the game.. he is 6
Tecmo strikes again with a great title....by the way, Tecmo is releasing NINJA GAIDEN SIGMA 2, which is the most incredible action game of all time.....
Very realistic, love the way you can control so many aspects of the car in order to give you more intense game play. Would love if you could customize the car though.
this game got nothing on ace comabt,sorry tom clancys but not a good job this time
I like this game but boy oh boy if you have no clue what you are doing, you will be killed on Xbox Live every 10 seconds.
Totally a killer zombie game! I would definitely highly recommend this game to any and everyone. Definitely a must have game, excellent gameplay and decent graphics
So many things was missing game was in ok condition it didn't say those things was missing in the description it could've displayed that things were missing was a disappointment
It is what it is. I got it for the guitar and the guitar works great. The game is alright, especially if you like Aerosmith.
Single player game froze took months for them to update it to fix the glitch.
Star Wars: The force unleashed is a great but good game to play on Nintendo wii you will enjoy the nice graphics
I found a very good game and he had played the 1, and was waiting to play the second part
Cheap, Peace of junk with terrible control of PS3 controller.Looks easy Platinum for some, for some game's terrible control will made You insane near the end.
Do not buy any thing WoW, They have moved all resources to a new game.  I have played Wow for years and now they have combined servers and can not even log in.
This is a great game. Very fun. I would play the campaignover and over again. I got all the trophies on it.
Boys played game in beginning. Not as much now. They said game not as exciting now.
Same game different year. Madden 25 had better graphics and physics than the last 2 games.
I don't like this game at all. It just is not my kind of fun. I was excited when I was downloading it but that quickly changed. Horrible
bought this item as a gift and the recipient is really happy with it. so overall its a win, also 500 gb playstation + game for under 300, great deal.
Good game for getting into Hidden Object Game's
same with this game doesn't support wheel or controller
I know this isn't the greatest game of all time, but it's a pretty decent game if your not overly picky, packaging was fast and efficient, I plan on buying more soon
It is a great game with awesome graphics...
It's better than 2k15 but not by much. I'm not the only one firing up an N64 for a good wrestling game :( RIP THQ
Easy for me to buy game time for World of Warcraft.
The seller failed to include an accurate description of the condition of the game cartridge. There are loose bits inside the cartridge :(Still works though.
Best game ever, but I wanted to long to test it and couldn't return it. My game didn't work.
One of the highlights of my childhood on the original PlayStation 2, It saddens me to see that this port suffers from awful frame-rate issues, making the game a chore to play.
One of the better games in the Zelda series. Unique story. Excellent graphics. Definitely worth playing if you haven't before.
Need more options but that's not what the game was advertising.
Hated it, irritating trying to figure out what to do, and seems as if you have to do what the game wants you to do, even though there would be endless possibilities with her power.
It does not hold as many games as it says. Two game slots are set up for SD cards instead.Other than the fact it arrived broken and required some repair for the hinges its great.
The game itself alright but this Steam program that the game runs on takes over your computer...  Purchase only if you are a serious gamer....
Really great case. Fits a bunch of games and my NEW 3DS perfectly.
stupid game. played for about 30 minutes then just gave it away. save your money
I had bought and downloaded this game and it does not work. It is not my computer I re downloaded this 3 times. Do not buy this they are selling a bad product.
This game made me dizzy from the get go. I never knew which room I was in. I had to look up cheats on occasion, which defeats the purpose of any game.
The most linear and boring adventure game for ps4. Everything from climbing to combat is boring and tedious
This game is classic. It brought back a lot of good childhood memories.
I bought this game because I enjoyed Silent Hill: Homecoming. I cannot even finish this game. I am so bored.
Sound amazing. Never had headphones that allowed u to hear from different directions. This is a game changer.
Must play the way and order the game says, any differant and u start mission over. Never finished playing it i got frustrated.
This is a great family game and has brought us and our kids hours of entertainment.  It can be a little difficult for the young one though so be aware of that.
there's nothing special about this game it's a copy and paste game the only thing that's new is wwe showcase and dlc characters that should've been already added to the game it felt limited
There is so much to do in this game! If you loved fallout 3 you're gonna love this even more!!
I just thought i try this game out but i just was not my cup of game you mite like it but i dident.
I haven't play the whole game yet but husband has been playing it everyday since Christmas.  Bet the game in 1 day and still playing.  Must be a good game then.
This is a wonderful game lots and lots and lots to do
The ONLY thing I liked about this game was that you could beat up little kids, which is fun, admit it. I was dissapointed, being a huge fan of the show.
You can barely see it on the game's cover but it only says multiplayer+zombies only.
appears that not much effort went into the creation of this game. new super Mario 2 is much better
Great game,very addictive. I played for about 9 hrs the first time i tried the game.
This game does not work. Came on the screen and froze. Never could get it to come back up.
Don't buy used waste of my hard work money and couldn't get a refund never buying games again from Amazon 3 party
it awesome game and to bad undertaker is part to the  story line lol and keep up the good job.
This is a great driving game!  It is very easy to manuever even for my 4 year old.  Good graphics and doesn't make you motion sick like some of the other driving games.
This is by far the worst sonic game ever made .. I miss the classics sadly sega has been lacking through this decade
Purchased this game for my granddaughter. She plays this all the time. It is a fun game. It is also a fun game to watch someone play.
How is it this game has all these reviews and high ratings when it won't be released for three more months?I guess Doc Brown must be renting out his DeLorean.
i really like this item but the  buttons on the hero are better (rapid pressing on my game is not as responsive) and the smrt lock broke after 2 weeks
kinda confusing. the back and forth, not knowing what is expected, not an easy game to navigate. kinda takes the fun out of playing
really disappointed in this game. I only paid $20 for it and still felt ripped off.
this game is exciting fun and you loose track of time I can play it over and over and never get bored
Bring it on! My son still loves this game.
my son enjoys this game cause the animals in it
Internet game not a PS3 game too much to down load to be able to play
Play super fun and real. High quality graphics and other players do several tricks. I highly recommend it for what they want something other than convectional of footbal games.
Excellent condition & one of the best games I've ever had the chance to play for the PS1. Still only about half way through, but enjoying every moment.
The game that started it all!  If you love vehicular combat, then definitely get this game. I love this one and twisted metal 2 as a kid!
does not connect. i see people that played 1ooo something games. i barely get the ball they kick me out
It is a fun game and a bit challenging. This is the 3rd Luxor game that I have bought and have not been disappointed so far.
Love this game, can't wait or the Ultra set
doesn't work with the game system that i bought
This is great game very fun and addictive.
This game doesn't make you feel like James Bond in alot of the levels, they make you feel like Rambo just running into battle with weak wepons and over powered enemy's.
when i first got this game i work for awhile and then it just stop working !!!!!!!!!. no scratches on the disk nothing was wrong with it it just didn't work!very mad about this !
This butchering of our games HAS to stop! Please, do not support NOA and these disgusting censored watered-down games that they sanitize for you like we're all little sheltered babies. Its pathetic.
It took forever to download! Then it wouldn't ever let me even play the game! I returned it!
Not into this game seems basic. Graphics good, nuttin like other games I played like it
I liked some aspects of this game considering when it was released.  The interface wasn't great.  I just don't see myself playing it very often.
I must've been an extremely smart 5 year old because playing this game now is disastrous  lol
donkey kong is a stupid game the charaters are monkeys for the love of God monkeys.this game does not have a story line do not try this game.
simply a fun and awesome game where a movie turned games is actually good!! really great visuals, gameplay, voice over, originallity etc....
Great game. Everyone's right, it's just like playing a Pixar movie, haha!
My kids didn+t like this game... They love Minecraft, but not this one!! ;(
We love this game. It is great for everyone of all ages to play.
Great game Nice Collectors Edition!!!! Better than any Final Fantasy they have released after it.
One of the best family games that you and your kids and your family will have a good time to enjoy.I recommend this game for all.
Yep it a pokemon game not much else you can ask for.
Fast service and a game cartridge that was like brand new!  My only problem; much like any used game that peeves me, is all previous files are present and not deleted.
These games are absolutely horrible!! I have never played a game as bad as this in my whole life biggest waste of money and time do not get it save yourself the trouble.
Fallout 4 is already such a great game. Having additional content is awesome.
this game was good I liked it some challenging parts to the game. Good graphics and characters plenty of levels
Try this game because it is great to be jumping on people it is a unique game and i hope you enjoy it.
Started a new game. Tried changing my character a couple times to see the different models available. After the 5th switch the game froze.
This collection is only worth it for Red Faction: Guerrilla. And the game has NOT aged well on high-end machines.
Online content not supported anymore and lack luster game. Good shopping great price. Eh game.
Playing this on the Vita is just painful. The controls are terrible. Aiming, running, and melee, are clunky and kill the flow of the experience. Love the game, hate the version.
Battlefield 4 is just an excellent game.There is no need to demonstrate that it's one of the best FPS games.I recommend buying from this seller.
One of the best games I've played in a long time. Looking forward to the DLC dropping in a few weeks.
Story is trash characters are stupid and the gameplay is laggy and just awful game. I recommend Pokemon go over this garbage
If you get this game make sure you get it for a good price
The name speaks for itself Luigi is a classic My 6 year old enjoyed it Its a little challenging but its a really fun game
Great collection of games if you have lost your old cases or game codes. All these games are classic, even some of the post-EA take over ones.
It's okay weird game takes forever to pick up and gives the enemy the unfair ability to counter attack after every turn you take
It is really interactive with the game and the kalories you burn during the day, I recomend this Meter to everyone
such a horrible game worst game ever made i repeat do not buy such a waste of money why would anyone make this game its honestly so idiotic
Great Game, But Repetitve Gameplay with awful facial animation. But Great game nonetheless.First planet is pretty badSecond planet, pretty bad.Rest of the three planets. really great!All I can tell you :)
My husband and I play lots of computer games since we are retired. The graphics were really easy on the eyes so we could play for hours.
The game is hard. The progress is rather slow for my taste.
This is without doubt the best game in the series. It's just a shame the series kept getting worse with each new game. This one, however, is well worth the time.
the story is col the plot is great and the environments are ... greatvery good graphicsvery good gameplaybut is too hard
Wouldn't pay more than $25. It's just a remaster of an old game.
gameplay would be good if controls responded better after 1 race my hand cramped because you have to press hard on the x button to go fast
Not sure if its working to help cool the system down but its noisy. I rather just leave my console in an open area and play games.
A great family game. We play it every other day.
Probably the worst GH ever. I don't say that because I dislike the band, I say it because the song selection was bad, the game play was bad. It was just bad.
Didn't fit my unit! Why make so many variations of the same video game system? It causes paramount problems for the customers!
Enjoying the heck out of this game, it's much funnier (to me and my daughter) than that mine craft drivel.
They sure don't make silent hill games this great anymore. If you are a fan of silent hill or just wanting to playing something scary in the dark, then buy this
I played this game half way through and i really tried to like it but i just for some reason couldn't. With the update that allowed for faster game play i though it
this is my favorite game series for xbox360 has a lot of great story lines and is scary when you play in the dark great game for true RPG
my son loves this game, sounds like he's an I MAX theater.
I hate that you needed this only for some games but if you had this handy then you were in the clear. I recommend anyone diving into older systems like the N64 to purchase this too.
I tried a ps2 and gamecube remote but neither would connect to their respective emulators. (Dolphin, and PSCSX) and could not at all find anything addressing the windows 10 issue
Fantastic RPG, be aware though, this game will kick your ass, even on normal. Save often
fun game, doesn't work well on PS3.
Game over MAN! Do not play. Don't buy or rent this game, if I could give it no stars that what it would get...
Being a 90's kid, Pokemon has always been my favorite video game franchise. Pearl version made the franchise even better. Buy the game if you get the chance.
Meh game. Pretty, sure it's pretty but just boring.... I got bored after 15 minutes of game play
I like this game it came to us with no issues. i play it ever time i can get a chance.
Bought this for my husband. He likes the fact that he can get free games.
this would be a nice game with out steam.
My favorite survival horror game.  Still scares me ten years later.
It's like they just made a game to trick people into spending money. Campaign is so boring, and multiplayer maps are too big in my opinion.
This xbox live points online game code is the best and faster way to enjoy games and online in liveEs la manera mas r&aacute;pida y barata de obtener microsoft points
Game is god awful. Terrible A.I. The whole game is centered around groups and teams. If you want to play solo. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.
i hate it very much it doesnt i mean it doesnt want to update on my 360 which is really abummer because i love nba street games
This is a pretty cool game. For the price, it's great! So many sellers are selling this for way too much!
My 7 year old daughter loves this game!
Sorry, I found this game so monotonous as hell, maybe its not my type of game but daamn, just shoot, walk, shoot again and walk.... =/
Great game (like new) and great price !
Eh, feels like any other free roam game and no all that impressed...
the game it self is great but the controls are HORRIBLE
I really didn't care for this game...ended up giving it away.
This game is action packed with lots to do and learn. Shipping was fast and I got it at a great Amazon price! The game is of imppecable quality with hours of fun!
wow,disk was in good shape, played this on ps2 5 yrs ago and forgot how good this game was and they need a part 2 or even a movie based on this. Thanks for the game.
low price  works just like the original had to buy one because my sons chiuahua chewd on the original ones cord this is perfect and afortable my son was happy to get hes video games back ajajaj
I love the world of fallout, and now I feel like I have a piece of it. Includes great games in an awesome package. Looks amazing on display on a shelf.
I just expected so much more. This game falls super flat. It's very unbalanced and is riddled with stupid microtransactions. It's a 100% pass unless it's $10.
This is the best game for Wii. Period
This game blows.  hard.  I'd rather spend the day knitting with my Aunt Martha than play one level of this piece of crap game. No offense, Auntie M. :)
That's all the game is Mario closing doors with horrid cut scenes.  The only bad Mario game.
This takes me back to the good old day's. The WCW series doesn't look as good as the newer WWF 64 game's. But they move must faster more fluid.
was a game i got for my sons bithday, he likes the pokemon games, n even nicer to have a book to help guide u though the games!
Last gen graphics, only 720p, screen tearing, 25 fps, this game is not next gen. Do better next time Capcom. Would have have had 60 fps on the PS4.
Amazing game. It's so familiar yet different than the first two. It's the kind of game that will be remembered far into the future. The collectors edition is worth it.
I liked this game. I mean Final Fantasy VII is still the god final fantasy game but this was ok.
Game is NTSC, and so is my 360. Put the game in the system and it wasn't readable. Game came in case with manual as described.
This game is great, plus I this came in perfect condition and in the agreed time. I recommend it.
all im going to say is that they should of left deus ex alone.the first was the BEST DAMN GAVE EVER in my opinion notone can ouspeak me about that but this game lacks..ammo and biomods
the game worked good had no problem with it thank you got it today cleaned it too come up the first time
Terrible Plot, not the best graphics, just somewhat of a boring game in general.. played it for about 30 minutes and turned it off and returned it.
Saved one game and now it will no longer work. stick to brand name memory cards
Somehow I'm getting exclusively the hand on this game, simply easy and fun, great buy on amazon! Simply must be the best donkey kong game ever!
If you like the CSI series, then you'll love the games!  It makes you search for clues and ask questions!  I found a new way to enjoy my CSI teams!
Who would want to play this game without a gamepad?  Not me!  Waste of money; ended up leaving it under my bed for the past 2 years.
I love word games in any form and this is one of the good games that I like to play.
The game itself is 5 stars for sure! A GREAT CLASSIC INDEED! Its about time really. GIVE US MORE! Bring on th first 2 to the console PLEASE!
worst purchase ever i bought it and the disc was so bad my xbox couldn't even get it to read the name of the game very very bad
Would be nice if game did not freeze up, game not worth more than ten bucks. My computer exceeds the requirements
Just can't get into this game... if you like RPG you may like it... picked it up mutiple times and just can't get into it!
great game for adults and kids. easy to figure out as well.
This game was meh.  Loved first LBP.  This felt like it lost some of the magic and lost interest in it rather quickly.
This game is terrible!  The controls are lousy and the game is not very fleshed out.
Awesome and fun game. This series brings back nostalgia.
Zelda: Breath of the Wild is a great game to start a new Nintendo generation on console gaming.
The games came with the kit shattered that disappointment
i felt in love with the game and the helmet is wonderful
Stupid game that requires too much physical actions even without the kinect.
Shooting robots is so much fun... they don't make many games like this for xbox so if you are into fast paced shooter games with robots this it perfect for you.
Great object game. Lots of objects to find. Worth the money
Don't get you hopes to high, this game with s horrible.Try paper Mario.
love zap very cool and effective in game.
Very difficult game to play of any age.
I played the SNES version of this game & it was great. I look forward to playing this version. Nice opening movies.
The game itself is great talking about the video graphics and the controls, etc; however, the story socks, it does not have movie scenes and just tell the story as a tale.
Its a fun and challenging game. Nice graphics and a good story.
Bad game, its has pattern repeated in every mission
dont wast your time if your a tekken player... you won't enjoy the conversion of your characters in this game and they look ugly in sf4 graphics...
Ok game play.  No Content.  Few changes to the world but they dropped the ball.  Sugar rush should have eclipsed Mario Kart.
Same game from PS2 but higher definition. The visuals and audio for FFX have been altered slightly. It's mostly preference but the gameplay is still the same.
It fits perfectly and with a protector on the gamepad.
This is a game I used to play on the NES and now on the wii- harder than I remember but great anyway
for my take, this game is totally bored unless you play with friends. But just for 15-20 mnts bf you get bored.
I wasted my money on this.  Terrible gameplay, clunky awkward mechanics.  Only redeeming piece is the flight missions which are awesome.  But that is only a small part of the overall game.
To me it was boring. I can't understand all the reviews that gave this game a ten. To me it was boring and sluggish.
Madden football sucks.  Its the same game with every little changes, it does not matter what platform you have.
ok good but not as much as other games
I'm sure it's a great game, except the fact that I never received it!
Unfortunately all the negative reviews on this are true, way too many flaws and the combat system in this is terrible. There are way better games out there than this.
I am very satisfied with heavenly sword and intend to purchase more games in the near future.
The online multiplayer game is amazing.  Love how wide open it is with the great variety of gameplay styles available (foot soldiering and vehicles).
A great nes game that everyone must play. The price is great and I received it on time in great condition
AMAZING graphics!! This game is not only extremely fun, but the graphics are out of this world amazing.I recommend buying this game!
My son and I saw this game previewed somewhere and we thought it looked so cool. It's a fun, smash-everything-up type of game. I enjoyed watching him play it.
Great quality product, fast shipping.  Item as described.  Just what I needed!  Great graphics and music.  Killer gameplay - battle system.
I played it once, got pretty bored as everything was pretty repetitive.  When purchased, Amazon had it labeled as 2 players.  Its a single player game!
So much better than the xbox 360 version.  Graphically not the best. But, the gameplay is what matters.  Great job on the Wii version. The 360 version is garbage.
Cool monsters, great concept and just a horrible, piece of garbage game.  The controls, game play, and difficulty due to the crappy controls and bad game play make this game unplayable.
Still have my N64 and this game.  Lot's of fun to play.
this game cheats enemys respawn and the bad guys can not be captured  you get 1 punch the cheat and get 5 if you try to punch the enemy blocks forever
If you liked Far Cry 4 (I rated it a 5-star) then you are likely to find this game ultra-boring.I'm not sure what the developers were thinking...
amazing art and animation. its a 2d side scroller similar to abe's exodus. must own game.
this was bought because my gf's son never played it. when game arrived, he loves it.  story mode is purely incredible and the gameplay is perfect.
I love this game. It's fun, it's addictive!
This game didn't even work for an hour.  My son was so disappointed when it quit in the middle of him playing.  I went to Wal-Mart and bought a new one.
I love these bad boys I use them so much I am glad they can handle the heavy game play use I do on them
Hard to find, if you're into Xbox original you need this, made so many games better...
The Multiplayer is NOT the only thing broken. There are a dozen bugs that plague this game outside of the multiplayer. If you can wait a while until they fix it I highly suggest that.
Different game that definitely keeps you on the edge of your seat
Great price for the bundle. My children love this game. It is fun to watch them play it with the included games.
This game is another Colony of GTA . I was so disappointed with this it . I traded in to Amazon.
game downloaded and installed but did not work on my computergame must be incompatable with windows 7 home premium.
Perfect!  It seems like many of my favorite arcade games are faithfully reproduced here, this was exactly what I was looking for.  Thanks!
It only lasts a year, and they don't make it right at all. It doesn't play all NES, SNES, and Sega Genesis games.
This, like the other Ratchet and Clank games, is a must buy.  Great fun and great looking.
One of the better games of this year, minus the few error codes every now and then.
Very well packaged; But the disc comes loose inside, which could cause it to scratch. Otherwise the game is the worst, not recommended
The kids play this game at least once a week since they've had it so yes its worth the money
You need a lot of room in your PC to play this game, take up too much space and drags down my computer
I tried to get into this game but just couldn't, the camera views were really confusing, and there weren't a whole lot of Sims elements to make it feel like a Sims game.
This game is free now on the site, no need to sell this card, also, it indicates you are buying a game not time on the site. very confusing
Hate this game so much,  can't return now after 30 days
Is a great game, good graphics, good sound and music, good history! Very good!! and a really game to lose the time playing all day! :D
I love the pokemon franchise, but this game just couldn't hold my attention. I think it's a neat concept that needed a little more love and some finishing touches before it was released.
This game is STILL one of my favorites. Isometric view, tons of replay-ability with friends or strangers over the internet. Easy to play, hard to master.
You can easily see the 720p on this one, I thought i was playing on Xbox 360 for a min. This game look much better on the ps4. Anyways the game great, i enjoyed it
As a gamer for 25+ years now I can honestly say this is one of the best games I've ever played.  Nuff said
This game was very fun. I've always enjoyed playing real-time strategy games. If you like them, you'll enjoy this game.
I bought this for my son who enjoyed playing it a lot.  He had a couple other Lego games and this was one for the collection.
I was all ready to buy this game but after reading the reviews iam glad i didnt. 50 bucks is a lot to pay for having ur privacy invaded i won't be  buying this title ever
This is a good game, very addictave.  You can create lots of stuff. You won't wanna quit playing it! Buy it!
Didn't like it too much gameplay felt cartoonish and unrealistic to me
A great game that is definitely one of the better harvest moons. Yes, I know it is not technically a Harvest Moon but the components are all there. shipped fast and flawlessly
I love the feel of the keyboard, and the lighting of the keys when gaming make it ease to concentrate on the game and not the placement of your fingers.
So much fun. Love this and it's good for players of all ages my teen grandsons, as well as myself and my husband, play this game and we all love it.
This game is just what I was expecting. Exactly as described and shipped very quickly. I would recommend this to anyone!
A very interesting and different game. The gameplay is fun but the real value of the game is the story.  Very much a Japanese style of story.
i got it very fast in the mail but i am not able to play the game on my computer which disappoints me very much
awesomely fun and addictive----but crashes-cheap games on windows 7dunno im not a programmer-ive changed properties to xp sp2 and still crashes and no way to changeits so cheap for the fun
Good game with sexy girls and bloody monsters.
this game is as bad as most people say. managing to have large but empty and boring planets and space.
Weird game.  Not like the original mine craft at all.  My daughter lost interest in this game in a matter of hours and it's collected dust since then.
They work fine until you actually use them. They rub off the analog stick if pushed too hard. Not fitted for the hardcore gamer but fine for the casual and small children.
Great game, funny there is nudity in the screenshots here on Amazon lol.
boring game, poor graphics.. its not interesting at all, the previous resident evils are much better... i don't like it
playing game on max settings. lots of fun.
This is a authentic amiibo, great price, fast delivery,A+++ Amazon!!!, Also i do recommend to my friends and to any Nintendo fan gamer.
Very bad game.  Extremely repetitive with no real variety and drags on way longer than it should. Ontop of that very glitchy.
Its good. I mean kind of required for the game I bought.
An amazing classic fighter that both new and old players and get into. With its nice roster, cool levels, and some of the most amazing music I heard in a fighting game.
Think of Star Fox 64, and now make it suck. The motion controls kill this game.
Cheaply made game, as usual. Took my money for nothing. It has a very nice cover, but that's it. Don't be fooled by the cover.
If I can recall, I don't remember even going through with this order because I surely don't have this game.
No arcade mode in a fighting game?  A lot less characters than the previous game?  The online play is broken at launch?And they want you to pay $60 for all of this.  lol
Tired to like this game but felt disconnected. Fans of skyrim might enjoy it.
Okay so the graphics are not super great, but my two young boys loved this game! They loved the fighting, action and integration of the Mortal Kombat and DC Universe! Highly recommend it!
I love the game and really wanted one, but the game i got was internally bent and stops working randomly.
My kids love this game.  Probably too much!  : )
Great controller. Easy to hold and use, Only problem is there is still somethings you cannot do on the Wii U without the game pad.
This game is okay. Just lost interest about an hour into it.
I kept getting an error message when I tried to play the game. I tried cleaning the disc and emptying my memory card, but it did not work.
Not a good game. Mafia 1 was excellent the sequel not even worth picking up. Story is no good.
I love racing games. That said, I only own two: This game and Dirt. Both are fantastic and IMEXP, the only two of which I can't get enough.
My daughter and I enjoy playing this! A unique game where you can cut and style hair. We enjoy Barbie products!
the game wasn't that  great it was freezing running slow most of the time when i was playing it and it restarts  when playing the game
THIS GAME IS AWSOME ! If you like modern feel to a game , you will love this .Also the story & multiplayer was way better then ghost ! Recommended
Why is it so hard to make a good sequel? Many parts of the gameplay in this follow-on are way too hard, most of it is too easy and monotonous. Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This game is great fun for the entire family, our two boys both under 10 love to play it in the free-for-all mode, while I enjoy playing it in competitions.Overall, just good family fun...
I think this is the best Wii U game available. The other Mario, Donkey Kong, and Rayman games are behind this in my opinion.
Played this non stop for a really long time and never got bored. Love this game.
I could'tell download it I have the wrong Operating system. A lot of money to spend on a game I can'tell play. When I get the PS4 I'll  try again.
Best call of duty in a few years! Story is actually great! Multiplayer is amazing! Do not let ghosts detour you from buying this game! This multiplayer is the most fast paced yet!
perfect, very beatifull game, my son is happy, he enjoy multipleyer option and realistic events, simply fantastic, a good history
This is a fun game that my whole family loves to play.
They tried somewhat to make this like God of War with one little problem: it was about as engaging as game in which you paint a wall and then watch it dry.
This is a great game if you like target shooting.  Just be sure you are siting within 15' of the sensor or you won't get very good accuracy!
I didn't like the game. Too much stuff missing from what was shown in previews
Love this game!  Nice game to kill boredom!
the game wouldn't install well , but I love the broken sword series.
I had a good feeling about this game and I was not disappointed. Good story, controls are pretty good also. I prefer third person shooters and this one is deep and fun.
Wast of money and time. It's no SSX game
That's the feeling I get every time I play the game the flag is just :) I love it so much the best buy it now
Sick game. Just what I would expect from a Sonic game on a handheld!
Great last edition to the Nathan Drake Storyline. Awesome graphics and gameplay with a great multiplayer!
Works like a charm. Connects perfectly to the controller and have no issues when using it during game play.
My son love this game, it is very good. Besides, it was at good price. Try it soon. A lot of fun!!!
The game came on time and I love it
SUDA 51 is my favorite video game director, so this was a must-own.
Great game, excellent game play, perfect price.
The description did not tell me I was not buying the complete game.  I would not have made this purchase had I known that.  Rather deceptive advertising.
After spending countless hours playing the original one, bought the second one and played it countless hours again. Nintendo is really spot on with their Mario games
Love the game. Have not had any lock-ups since started playing. Maybe we just got lucky.
I remember when I had this game as a kid know I can relive that moment again thanks great buy
Only bought cause it cheap and im a xbox guy . I won't recommend this game to anyone overall score is 2 out of 10.
What a awesome game, the best of PS3, nothing more to say.
I love this game! so cute! Works well!
will I told my brother to get this game cause its boring and he said shut up conner your boring the first day we got this was fun the second it was like sitting in a doctors appointment
love the game playing experience and the storyline, this game kept me wanting to play the miunte i get home ..all roll into one exiting and fun and very enjoyable...
like every EA game, no effort, terrible and a total scam.  it's like they didn't ever play their game online before ripping you off.
Bad game. As everything Capcom is doing lately.
Good with the game.  Good stand alone statuette.  Infinity 3.0, Star Wars, is an excellent choice by Disney.
This is a cheesy game. Save your money unless your in to zombie/alien garbage
The disc was bad and crashed the game at the same spot early on. I can't rate the game because I have not played it yet.
My daughter loves all the Lego games and this one is one of her favorites!
loved the design retro right but there are no retro games to plug it to bummer
This game was disappointing.  It was short and easy to beat.  Once you beat the game, there is no continuation
Needs more bulk; cannot fit games nor device inside and close it correctly. Could this case take a fall? definitely.
This game is just cruisin usa repackaged with beetles. That is all really
Fun game and I would highly recommend it to any Pokemon fans. There's not much I can post on here without giving away spoilers to the game.
This game is awesome to add to you sims 3 collection your sim gets to have fun adventures and you get to do a lot of fun stuff.
frustrating, stupid and missed the mark..love adventure shooting games but this didn't do it at all!...i do not recommend this game!
crap don't buy this. it just displays all my dc games in green. My av port is fine..the stock av cable works. But this was a waste
I was disappointed with this game. The graphics were okay and at some point you think that the game is going somewhere. But the game goes nowhere.
It's really kind of awesome and amazing game
This game will not just let you have a good time but will take you back in history and help you to remember how hard it was to get our country free.
After two minutes of game play, this little... ahem... "gem" made its way to a pawn shop. No video game trade-in store would touch it. That's how much it sucked.
Great console.  Wish more games from Xbox 360 kplayed on this.
I love love love this game!!! Any Legend of Zelda fan will truly enjoy this game.
The game is surprisingly fun. The disc arrived in good condition
Love this game!! You will not regret buying this game.
This game is horrible..clunky..filled with glitches..controls etc...it just stinks to high heaven...waste of my money.
I'm pretty mad about losing this game, so don't mind my negative review. I'm sure the game is a lot of fun, but I will never know.
Best uncharted yet! Easily the best looking ps4 game I've played to date, captivating and interesting until the very end, and leaves you feeling satisfied about your favorite Explorer.
I bought a DS lite and Nerf armor for Christmas. This case fits the DS lite with the nerf armor installed. It has storage for 20 games, power adapter, headphones, and more.
old game still worth it, i would try it out for all of the computer enthusiasts . Runs on windows 7
This game is BORING! All you do is complete tasks. I beat the game in 3 days. The graphics SUCK, the story SUCKS, and your character SUCKS.DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT BUY
9 out 10this is a comic book game i would say.Midas one for bad language.The teacher He's so hot.wow 30 hours one play through.
excellent product to have and enjoy as the kids cannot put the game system down. I encourage any parent to buy this game as it is a keeper.
this game is great for windows 7  not sure about windows 10
The game runs great and my son loves trying to do the long haul and learn the geography! Good game for the money!
Love this game but incompatible with new computers / windows 10. Major graphic issues. Playable if that does not bother you.
This was my first add-on for my game experience, i had lots of fun playing around. Highly recommended for those who want a cheap and very solid product for playtime.
Another great game!  Some really hard decisions this time around!
Amazing graphics,amazing physics,bumps in the tracks etc..It's already way better than NASCAR from EA..Definitely doesn't deserve less review scores than EA NASCAR games!
One of the most famous cars on TV, this is a great game. Came quick.
This game is just sad. I played the first area and got bored. Its just not fun.
A friend gave me money to order this for him. I personally didn't like this game. It's the worst in the Double Dragon series.
This is a good game to play when you figure out how to play it.  I am still trying to figure out how to do some of the stunts on the game.
I found myself bored and regretting shopping the bargain bin for this one. The game play is just not that exciting. Good music does not make up for a lousy game.
to old, it wasn't what i expected.  i should've done more research on the game first, before buying.
Too hard to control my motorcycles. I hate this game.
Been in Early Access for a long time and its just an awful game after a week.
Easily one of the best games I have ever played.. And thats saying a lot since I have been gaming since the pong days.
I love this game. It got me hooked on the Assassin's Creed series. I also love the pirate theme. I haven't had a good ship combat game like this in many years.
excellent product to have and enjoy as the kids cannot put the game system down. I encourage any parent to buy this game as it is a keeper.
only 10 games supported... not very usefull for a given console game on the ps2.extremely limited in what it can do, as far as games and cheats.
Takes the original DMC game and improves it immensely. A great game for your library.
One of the greatest gat games ever game looks a little dated now but still holds up as a amazing experience to play.
great controller....now i can play with son all the 2 player games that we want. but good and at good price.
Too archaic. it's a remake of a 1990 nes game and show it
I loved this game and Im 25 years old. Why? Because of all the Marvel characters and the Lego Saga humor. Play it and you will see!
This game is way better than it was on PS3 as the graphics and background are dynamic. However, it is even better on the PS4.
Bioshock is the best series of newer generation gameplay. The story throughout the series is phenomenal and will leave you on the edge and asking for more. You will not regret this game.
this game is alot of fun. Its hard but its fun to play thank you so much excellent game ..
All I have to say is that this item is perfect. This game is exactly what I expected. The item came pretty fast.
Tomb Raider has gotten so much better with their story and gameplay. I can't put this game down till I beat it. I'm excited for more Tomb Raider in the future.
The game is great and very thrilling and exciting
This was the best price I could find on a PS3 Bundle.  I have no had any issues with the system.Pros:Huge hard drive4 bonus gamesCons:Only 1 controller.
This game is loads of fun despite not being equal in graphics to its recent predicesour(rome:total war). However, it has fewer bugs and the battles are still as much fun.
Very good game. I would play it with a game controller if you decide to get it and don't already own one. I cant imagine playing it without a controller.
This was given as a gift and person really is enjoying this game,makes them feel like older taking care of the babies.
This game is amazing. Plain and simple. So much to do, and the battles in freemode can get crazy!
I really hate the clown rock star boss, it's impossible to beat even on easy. It was so annoying that I threw the game away. Nicely done Obsidian *rolls eyes*.
It is a really fun game and it seems the body tracking is more consistent than the previous title.
This game is not my particular interest. More involved than i would like to have it. And easier less thought provking game is what I was looking for.
I really really love the Arkham games soThis purchase was a no brained. A excellent edition to the game I highly recommend this especially to the Arkham fans
not a good game at all. no educational value for kids. the game is based on luck. no strategy is required, only luck!
my sons states this games sucks and its not what it states to be. Graphics are not that good and the game doesn't play well at all!
The camera angles really ruined this game.  It seemed your character was always looking in the wrong direction when fighting.  You also had to buy clothes before you were allowed to see them.
I picked up this game based on a review by Classic Game Room, and I am not disappointed at all. It has a good story line, excellent gameplay, and the characters are well developed.
This game didn't work. It kept glitching up. But this is a great game i would buy a working copy.
I love Mario and Paper Mario is one of the best Super Mario's game ever I played. I just buy a Nintendo 3DS to play Mario games and Zelda, Paper Mario is F*** good!
This is an excellent addition to the main campaign! If you enjoy the classic style shooters and want something more out of the game then this is for you.
grandson likes it was a little disappointed when he found out he needed more hard drive activision should have known that all in all he was very excited just to get the game
Just go rent God of war if hack and slash is your thing. This is a pathetic game.
i read somewhere that is like playing a ps2 game with cleaner graphics. this is the best description i can give this game.there is nothing new. nothing memorable. nothing unique. it is a waste.
My son does not like the game.  To do something, it is long and boring.  It is not challenging.
The game did not seem to work very well on my PC...Some parts of the game could not be completed. I gave up and deleted it.
I really enjoyed the gameplay and story.  It is a game I think everyone should play.  The characters were fun to get to know too.
I needed some covers for my 64 games and they work great.
Choosing good or evil doesnt change the fact that this is just another sandbox game
This is one of the highest quality PS3 games I have ever played and it is very fun. My copy of the game arrived in near mint condition.
game is not fair youare always outnumbered 5 to 1 enemy block allthe time while you fight you are hit in the back
my son gets a lot of entertainment with this game.  I mostly give it to him while im driving.  so highly recommended.
Honestly don't know what to say, I tried my hardest to play the through game but I just couldn't
Awesome game.  Very well done.  Characters are fun to play with and are engaging.  Detail is incredible especially on Xbox One X.
Get ready to die over, and over, and over. On normal setting. Get ready for your nerves to get shot! Movement mechanics are not fluid like better games I have played!
A fun Mortal Kombat game for the PS2. A perfect addition to any game library. Lots of extra content and unlockables.
This game was purchased for my fiance and he basically said....BORING! It really wasn't as interactive as he thought and the graphics where poor.  Still likes the movies but the game stinks.
Use it literally every day. Love battlefront because it reminds me of the style of games from back in the day.
Don't play the game, didn't understand the game; an overall waste of my time.
Simple buttons and gameplay. Pain in the butt levels. I love it's simplicity yet so hard at times. Worth owning
I wonder if they are dropping the price on these because they are going to bring back the feature every gamer has been yelling for...Rumble ! I'll wait.
I played this alot when it came out, was really glad to have it again.  Its a really great game!
So disappointed with this game, i hate it worst RE game right with racoon city. What happened to capcom and the great horror games they made like Re 1 2 3 4 ?
I've been looking forward to this game for so long only for them to pull an EA and demand online play only!!!I'm done with this company.
None of the game night games are great in my opinion but this one was the worst.
What more can you say, it's Vader, father of the century. Great character, great game
But it is really hard to see the graphics on this.  This game isn't good for DS screens. I'm sure it would be better suited as an Android app.
ive been waiting to buy this game for a while. not only does it have the original but two other story lines as well. i look forward to finishing this title
Downloaded by mistake. I don't do massively multiplayer online games. Looks good, and if you like them, you should probably try it.
This is a very boring game that gives me no motivation to get in shape. All they have is boxing, thats it. The controls are bad too.
I bought this game a year ago; I'm a big fan of the series, the graphics and gameplay are the best I strongly recommend this title
If you enjoying doing repedative activities this game is perfect for you. If you enjoy reading a book with no story you will love this game. Your best bet is to have no expectations.
Great game. Excellent!!!!! It was all i expect from this game really great and excellet graphics. Just great. All perfect.
The game is not worth any time or money-does not work-mouse is jerky-character moves poorly and is a total waste of time
Thanks for the game seller but this game is a downgrade from the first hate it
I love the POTC franchinse and I love Jack Sparrow - this game was not fun
Another expansion of the best game in the MMO genre. WOW never get old and it is patched with new content monthly. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
Cant update codes, and codes don't support gta or any of the other games I have!
Bethesda has ruined their elder scrolls legacy. The most disappointing game purchase I've ever made.
Lovin' all the other 8 games I have. Not lovin' this one. Visually very bland compared to the knockout graphics on all the others.  Gameplay feels very cramped. Buy something else.
love this game at first its kinda introducing you to you when your a baby but after awhile it gets better its a must buy trust me its a good game
I bought this for my son. He loves anything Minecraft and has enjoyed this game very much.
This game is a joke. They want me to be always on line to play single player mode? Disrespectful, no way. Not buying this one.
Great system.  Great look.  Destiny is a fun game, but is such a grind.
Could never get it to work on any of my games.
This game belongs in space, never to have been created or played by anyone. My playthrough had a game breaking glitch just on my second planet for my story mode. Yeah broken and boring
If you've played Madden 13 then you've played this. Madden has turned into the Call of Duty of sports games, new game but it's the same crap as last year.
If you love the movie you will love the game.  Our six year old found this game fun and easy to play.
l love this game, it's my favorite
There are not enough words to describe the amazingness of this game... It gave much needed freshness to the Pokmon series
Game seems to be unfinished. Too few features. Balancing is really bad.Also dialogues have a voice over which is extremely annoying. I can read it myself.I wouldn't recommend this game...
If you like horror games then you must get this game.. I just started and really am enjoying the game. Good spooky environment and it has been engrossing for me so far.
I can't believe anyone is buying a game they can only install 3 times. Hope you guys are ready for a lot of frustration when u reach the limit
The submission system is a complete joke very irritating and ruin the game for me
My ps3 wouldn't update and download the game this is the only game of over 50 my ps3 wouldn't play
I've never seen a more repetitive game than Destiny. The Expansion was 90% more of the same.
I think the original MYST was more exciting than this game.  It's a puzzle game disguised as an FPS and sucks on both accounts.DO NOT RECOMMEND.
Very boring game. Just not my thing.
This is a great buy to save your memory for any game. I would recomend this to anyone who is a gamer and a fan of the Ps2!!!
Game was received on time and packaged well, however, it is an online only game, and the servers to play it no longer exist...I took a hit on this one.
Only needed for one game but still worth it! Looks good it the display case.
Could not download this game, much as I wanted to.
A cheap game with bad controls and physics. I picked it up wanting a cheap beat 'em up game and that's all that it was.
It's  a  great  game  i. Like  it
o.k. its called blood wake wheres the blood and a 7 yr old could beat this game easily I should know I watched one play this game sucks
this game was an awesome installment of the halo saga! this was totally worth everty penny and it comess with dlc.
The beginning sequence was amazing. The visuals and the environment are breath taking especially during sunsets. The machines are intimidating and the game play is solid!
Perfect ^^  It had no issues, the game works well, everything came perfectly, and I can't wait to actually start working on this game.
Great game.  I purchased for a family member, who loved it.
It should be a great game for family. The "zoo limit" ruined everything.
This game is unplayable on PC as of 2014.Its full of hackers and  bad servers.
I have played better jewel quest games, and the games do not save, you always have start from the beginning of last chapter that you started.
Overhyped, repetitive, boring. Wait till the price drops to around 15 or 20 bucks. It is a diversion between good games.
My husband loves batman. He said this is one of the best games he has ever played
Like all the other games my son is in love and he is 5 1/2
Great game n a Lil cheaper than most stores
Got mine on sale at Origin. Mildly interesting single player. In Multiplayer, advanced players own. Low levels just eat it. Incredible amount of one shot kills.I'm looking for a new game.
I like all the R&C games. This and "Into Nexus" are my favorites. I recommend it to people who like R&C games.
Love this game but it is incompatible with new computers / windows 10. Major graphics issues. But it is playable if that doesn't bother you.
/this game was pretty good with a good story mode
I expected better. My nephew has to take the case off in order to switch his games ;[This definitely isn't for the PSP 3000.
Save your money for another one of the new games that actually brings something FRESH to the table. This is the same stuff rehashed. New package, same game.
Really.  This game is dead.  Go buy World of Warcraft or EQ2.  Even with the latest "expansion pack," the game isn't that fun and doesn't offer a lot of innovation.
This simulator game has very detailed tracks and responses.  I have a motorcycle and love how much this game resembles many of real live techniques of my motorcycle. The tracks and bike movements are very realistic.
Can't go wrong with a Lego game.  I haven't been disappointed yet with them.
I remember getting this game back in 1996 i thought it was fun but i was only 4 now at 23 i played it for a good 3 minutes and turn the game off it's so boaring
Jewel Quest I already had. This is a fun game.But the other was hard. Getting so far, then cannot beat the clock. Very frustrating.
This is a great open world game, never gets boring to play, definitely recommend this to buy! Price was great too!
A great entry in the Pokemon series bringing in a new and interesting storyline and Pokemon. Solid game!
This is the 3rd game I've purchased of Professor Layton.  Still playing it!  I LOVE all the puzzles and more adventures with him and Luke! Definitely great for "older folks".
Awesome old game had it back in the day.
This game plays just like the one in the newspaper, it is really addictive, and fun. I highly recommend it.
People who don't like tennis will love Mario Tennis! When you beat the Star Cup, you will get either DK Jr. or Waluigi. Note: Waluigi is the best player in the game.
game is not on steam yet and will not download. have fun not playing the game. sure wish i could play the game i paid for
Its a game where all you do is walk. You don't even need a Wii to play this game, just go outside and walk!This game is worthless
Feels well protected, did not hinder any gameplay. Stays on the 3dsxl nice and tight, never slipped off during gaming sessions.
My husband asked for this for Christmas and he seems perfectly happy with it. I don't know much about the game itself, but it was shipped quickly and packaged well.
this cr@p software doesn't work on Win 7. Spend your cash on a real game!
Fun game to play with friends.Some of the challenges are impossible though.
This game is not worth a review, it is a horrible game. I feel I have been robbed and hope that 2K games starts issuing refunds!!
It takes forever to load. This games take me more time to load from screen to screen. I think about buying the steam version of it just because of the waiting time.
It was just the regular game with a redeemed PSN code.  There is an option to get the DLC on a separate disc get that if it is used.  The regular game is a lot cheaper.
No promblems during installation nor gameplay so far..
Works great for our old game boy color.
Love this game!  Love joining family and friends for online gaming!  Can't wait and see if Blizzard comes out with Diablo IV!
game keeps freezing the case was cracked. That was just horrible  man .That was a waste of my time and money
Offcourse, cheat code will help you to finish all the levels within a day or two. But playing the same game using your own stratergy will be fun and interesting.
sank at least a few hundred hours into this game...well worth the price
One of the greatest games ever made. Jet Set Radio Future.
Great story by my God, the Japanese keep coming like Zombies. Way too fast paced for my taste. I prefer more tactical games over the chaotic Halo type shooters. But that's just me.
Purchased for my son for Christmas.... He loved it.... He loves all video games...I'm sure if they like hockey they will like this game... Great seller..
Peace of crap game any platform.  Don't buy.  It's awful.  The graphics  are great but. Everything else just awful I like the other ufc games  but this one sucks.
Burnout just destroyed all the chances of me ever being satisfied with car games, but come on this game was garbage
It is a great game, you can not miss the lovers of this sport, it is the best and most real experience of a real game, I recommend it.
Excellent game and you get the Full Burst DLC with the rest of the game with for a good price!
I love Metroid series because has fun and difficulty. This game not dissapointed at you. The graphics and sounds are excellents. I guarantee hours and hours of a good gameplay
Truly spectacular. I love this on the Wii. The game is rich, engaging, and innovative.And the art is gorgeous.
I got this on sale here on amazon and it's a lot to game for the price all the goodies come with it and this was one of the hot Christmas gifts and amazon made it affordable.
Not a fan of this game. It was frustrating because the controls seemed so clunky compared to other games.
Not a very good game. It needs to be F2P for this game to get anywhere.
We've enjoyed this game.  Great buy!
Grew up watching ducktales own the series had to get the game
This is a typical animated movie-based video game.It has Shrek, Fiona, Donkey, and the rest of the Shrek gang.Fun for a little while, but not enough to keep playing.
Sucks! This game is not accurate at all. There is no way I could have fun with this game...it just sucks.
Waste of money. I was so excited to play this too. The controls SUCK !!!  The game SUCKS!!! Cant and won't say no more lol
I bought this game new and they sent me a game without any instructions or even the Nintendo warning of seizure in it.  Nothing in the game but the game!
This game is great for playing anytime! It's a game built for pure fun and enjoyment. One of the best open world free roam games ever made.
too hard to pl;ay and get involved in.....played it for one game and have not touched since
i love this game but when i got it the wrapping was a bit torn but it still works great
As a student of German Language, this game is an absolute treat, because many secrets and flavor text is in German only.
so we have 5 GOW games with lots of blood splatterand zero educational value.now it comes with a violent figurine with a look that looks like he is under the influencei feel sorry for the kids of america today
What can I even say? I mean I may not like the practice programmes and upgrading things but this is definitely the best f1 game out there!
I bought this based on the good reviews. My 9yo son was very disappointed in the game. It sounds way more fun than it actually is. Glad I bought it cheep!
Love the game...hopefully titanfall 2 won't disappoint
Another game that you have to play on line. Whats up with that crap. This and Sim City screwed me over and I hate it.
fun game, kid friendly, and follows the movie story lines which is fun
This is one of my son's favorite games.  Great value.....it was cheaper here than all of the stores.
I played the first two games in middle school when it first came out but I was not able to play three and four. Now I am able to play all the versions on this wonderful collection!
Bad experience loading the game. Fire walls stopped installation. Deleted same and gave away. Would not recomend.
Great game, very entertaining,  great story line.
Thought I was buying the game with cdkey. Im dumb haha. Ended up buying the bundle on blizzard website.
Horrible game sucky graphics and game control not worth my money to return. Didn't even bother playing after the 1st 30mins. The controls are to stiff to be a ps4 game
I love the design of the mouse, but I used this mouse for almost a year, and the mouse started to not register clicks randomly, and this really impacted my gameplay.
My son collects old cartridge games and he added this one to his collection. Cartridge works well and game is oldie but goodie.
Not a full game wait till capcom releases the full version. This is a great game but held back by dirty capcom practices.
Awesome game get a gun and make sure it's compatible with the game designer
practically the customer support don't know what they are doing.the player matchmaking system is totally broken.don't buy this game.
would give 5 stars, but the rune trail with the timer ruin this exciting fun game.........
Horrible graphics, the playing still is wicked lame, do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this game and tell everyone of your gaming buddies to NEVER buy it either!
This game seems poorly put together.  No instructions to help from scene to scene.  Puzzles are the same way.
The game is a technical marvel. But it gets repetitive and old really fast. Play it for about an hour and you'll fulfill your desire to play it and you'll never play it again.
I love the game and the new controls, I am still learning them they are a bit different from 2k12. great game overall
I like this game. it is good. uhhhhh ok let's go.
Again i haven't got to play this game as much as i would like to but i cant wait to beat it and buy another one
This game is good although not my favorite final fantasy but i would definetely buy it if i was you.  Plus crono trigger makes it worth the buy right there!
This game is a crappy crossover to the psp. If you want this game, buy Deception on the ps2. Its graphics are not choppy, and the controls are responsive unlike the psp version.
The game wasn't in the holder part, but it still works.
It seemed like it worked fine at first but when I tried to install certain games to the drive, the install would fail.  Ended up throwing it in the trash,
Not sure why people like this game. Maybe if your under 10. Never been a side scroller fan. If you want a platformer Mario is the only game worth playing.
The Hawkeye and Black Widow segments were fun.I hate Mr. Fantastic.  He just ruins the game.Buy it only if you really love Avengers and if you can ignore Mr. Clean.
one of the only fighting games that you can play with the D-pad. actual gameplay goes into cut scenes seamlessly.
This game clearly demonstrates the failure of this always on DRM approach.  Hopefully this punishing experience with poor reviews and livid consumers will make an impression in game developers that customers won't stand for this garbage.
very silly retarded game , childish boring story .
Bought it for my kids, but I find myself jumping on and playing it myself!  It takes me back to my childhood.  Ryu is my personal favorite.  Great game.
is the money I made on the RMAH. This is the biggest most worthless game out ever. Oh and you probably got hacked today so change your password even if you have an authenticator.
Takes up way too much space on the drive. Might be a fun game. But I will never know. By the way, did I order the Spanish version? NO!
incompatible with my singapore bought xbox console!Apparently there are several types of ntsc xbox version. The one sold in Singapore is ntsc-j, so I returned this game.
Wasn't worth buying a while new game, the content isn't on the disc it's dlc and you use a code included with the case. Heads up, don't buy used
Thor version of Wii- I think it was a rip out. I was copying the moves but the game tells me I'm going it wrong. I like the Xbox version better.
the only reason i gave this game a low stars because they gave me an expired code in it.it expired in 3/2016 which so long time ago.otherwise it is a wonderful game.
The smackdown vs raw series is officially dead. This game is lame, it is smackdown vs raw 2010 with a few twists. 2010 was also a major disappointment.
Sucks. Worst resident evil game ever. Has nothing to do with the series. Totally disappointed. Don't buy
Love that you get to play the game. Then, using the characters, go back and find the mini kits and rescue the fifty Stan Lees hidden throughout the game.
Great game, shipped fast. First halo for 360 few improvements and weapons.
Wow!  I haven't been this excited for a game in a while.  I have been playing this non-stop.The size of each planet is ridiculous.  Great game for explorers.
a great game i bought this to replace the copy i had gotten from game stop i love the bratz games i cant wait to get it an play it again
Probably the worst golf game for PS4 ever.....
Love this game and had to get it again. Brand new in box, so what more can one ask for>?
The user interface is very clumsy compared to the PC version, I still have to find how to pause the game to give orders, a disappointment.
Looking for this everywhere. The old school rainbow six games are the best. Thanks for having them. Amazon is the best.
All this game has going for it is the graphics and the name.  Too bad it has absolutly nothing to do with the movie. This game is garbage....get Ace Combat 4!
Wait for now. Don't buy one until there is more functionality and games. Wait until this console is improved. this console wasn't ready to be launched.
my godson loves these games!! Especially centipede!!
Do not buy this game why bad graphics bad storyline bad controls bad frame rate bad game period!
I couldn't get the hang of the interface. The stylus shouldn't be used to aim. Maybe I'm old, but I play similar type games on PC with no control problems.
Very fun game with too many options and features to list here. This and Grand Turismo 3 are my favorite racing games of all time. It does not get any better.
I did not know wii bough in europe had different configurayion. I could no use any of the two games bought...
The grids on the floor were annoying as well.  Storyline unappealing.  Graphics were not appealing either.  Would not recommend this game.
game works fine and is a good purchase for the price
I bought this for retro gaming. I don't think the gameplay holds up.
This game requires a anti piracy download known as securom it's been known to disable cd burners slow your pc and even disable it purchase at your own risk.
Finding nemo is a game for the whole family young and old alike will enjoy this game. I sure did it's pretty fun. and the graphics are sweet.
Quick retrieval of the download code and after a visit to the PlayStation store to activate the code and download the game, I was off to the races, so to speak.
Can't go wrong with these series. Probably the best tactical turned based strategy games, along side with the fire emblem series. Expect hours of addicting gameplay.
Horrible, EA destroyed the Battlefront series. All this game has going for them is the graphics and sound design.
It was not that good of a game.
I had played all series of ths game and I do not like lose this last game
great game , my kids enjoy a lot play thisis action game but not violent , come on time
Maybe one day this game can grow up to be a real RTS for PC instead of being ridiculously restricted to a platform.
The kids needed another memory card for their ps2. So far it works perfectly! Holds lots of game saves and works as described!
Love this game. I had it years ago with my PS2 which had blew out on me. Just got another PS2 and this game  and it took me back.
Not aware I had to have a membership to play game. Was hoping to play with just 2 characters.
Man this game, no good, Ghost was really cool. tbh.
This was a very disturbing game. Whoever thought this game up has a genius but sick mind. I do not recommend this game to the faint of heart.
The game installs, but will not run.  The game intro runs and then a prism error occurs.  i can't play the game and can't find patches for it that work.
My son was so happy to have the game he wanted
game sucks soooooooooooo bad. oh my god i wanted to jump under a bus playing this game. its vanilla wow with new skins.
not a bad game.. I played it and sent it to a friend who also played it.. it was a decent game
The best assassin creed so far this game is amazing the graphics your interactions with the caracter and when you are driving the boat is like real definitely this game deserve 5 starts.
Good way to buy points and amazon is quick and efficient with the code delivery unlike gamestop which can take up to a day sometime. reccomend buying your ms points here.
Fun game.  Not overcomplicated yet sophisticated enough that you can shape your shots.
B-O-R-I-N-GI lost interest within 10 minutes.  After waiting over a month for this game, and being excited from the awesome TV ads, it was an incredible letdown.  Don't buy.
Great game. It may be difficult sometime, but it is worth to play. I don't remember how many times that I have died lol.
Not fun at all every mission is racing and it gets really old really fast compared to the other 1.0 games
Great game terrible system.  If you had to buy a 32x rip off piece of junk to play this version just avoid it and get the SNES version.
Garbage don't waste your money. Totally unrealistic game play.
This game just didn't hook me up. The story is mediocre, and the gameplay makes me feels like I'm just button'mashing
I love the graphics in this game because its like watching movie that you are controlling. I haven't gotten that far in this game because I am having problems getting past fighting against cat woman LOL.
Hated it. Hideo Kojima butchered this game but it was not his fault. He had some sorta beef or drama with Konami so that's why he left. Traded it into GameStop
The game has terrible control, terrible characters, and is just awful to play
This is not a good game. Its fun for a little bit,but then gets boring.
My sons are enjoying the game! This game worked as promised, in good condition and delivered on time!
Great kids game and for multiplayers worth the price in entertainment
i guees its an ok game i just coundn't get into it all that much
My husband loved this game so much once he finished we got the sequel, Undead Redemption. I highly recommend both.
Okay we have had this card for a month and has already quit on US ! and now have to start my games all over!! 1 star for at least working a month!
very fun game, kept me interested all the way to the end.
Deep, expansive, complex gameplay and upgrade systems. Days and days of playtime with exceptional graphics. Much of the gameplay is linear to serve the story, but it doesn't detract.
i love mahjong ! A this is a fun mohjong like word game, air play word chums and mahjong regularly and this puts the two together!
I love this game! I love the freaking graphics on the game, the caricatures are my favorite part, one of the best games of the 90s
The controls are extremly hard to use and the game is extreamly hard I didn't like the game at all.
Great game. I am glad to finally get through this game. I game is buggy but some games now have that problem. Don't let that stop you from enjoying this game.
Great game! New gen graphics! Runs like butter at 60fps on my HD7950(r9 280).
It's a great game, but I have problems with steam. I can never access it. Therefor I can't play the game
The order was fast but the game was a horrible port
I giving this a 5 star because you can walk around at the Sega logo. It's not bad. You can shoot too. It's a good game.
Finally something good to keep young minds thinking, The game is easy enough for kids to enjoy but there's an extra puzzle every where to keep you thinking, pretty good.
Nice visuals but slow game that feels outdated.  Your character jumps through the air looking like a frozen robot.
good game but this game stock and then the vita turn off I lost my ps vita because this game don't  let me  continue
Really terrible game. Should be on a "hit-list" of worse games ever. It is a very unfriendly game to play. Mediocre graphics.
would not recommend this game no story to it only hidden objects to find not worth the money. Hate it
TERRIBLE PRICE. MY wife was tricked into buying the game for my son here. The game only costs $2.99 at Gamestop
Picked mine up from gamestop, and it died within 4 days of play. Their customer service was terrible. No more Sony products for me they don't seem to care about American marketplace anymore.
It is a hard game to play and there is no way to save the game unless you reach a certain point, that means you have to start all over from a distant place in the game
I really had high hopes for this game as it seemed like a pretty cool game if it could only work properly... to bad
It's a good game. I haven't got around to finishing it, but it gives you a break from other shooters.
Worst game of the COD franchise.  Do not buy.
Great game to play with my son. Fast shipping
Not buying these crap games anymore. COD4 was the only good COD. I'm done handing over money. Take a hike. I'm playing Battlefront
We did like it much . The kids don't like it . It's just a game that not our type I guess .
As a dynasty warriors fan, I find this game fun and simple to play.  Only problem is that no one really plays it online for the Coop option
This game is not a lot fun, it's hard to understand what your supposed to do to get to the next level, I got tired of it and didt't finish it.
Not game of the year imo but its still awesome
Even with Black Ops 2 being out I still love playing this game. This was my favorite game when I was younger and it still is to this day.
Its fun for a while but gets boring real quickThe gameplay was pretty good. Unlike the games that came after.What kills the game is the small maps & the large mechs & ships
This game only proves what I have known for years. EA is terrible at making games. They destroyed the College Football game and now SimCity.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.
Must have!!!  After 15 years, Metroid Prime is still my favorite game of all time!  The collectors edition is really cool with the metal case and extra artwork.
The game looks fine, but it doesn't work. I bought 6 games from this seller, 5 of which did not work.
Couldn't find any where else.  Great collection of games all in one place.
The day this becomes the norm I stop giving any money to video game publishers.
The game gets bored very fast, like after 2-3 games. Not worth the price, maybe under $30. There are better fps games out there.
Might as well be the same freaking game, sucks.  Horrible song selections.  No point to get this.
Not my favorite game.. its a bit boring in my opinion, and within 15 minutes I saw two "bodies" that were floating in mid air just flickering - obviously a software bug.
This game plays and works really good we have not had a problem with it at all
Excellent game, i enjoy it a lot.
This game blew my mind! It is by far one of the best bioshocks. At first I was hesitent with the direction of it. But it turned out to be great.
I bought this as a gift for my son in law so I haven't played this video game but purchased it based on other great reviews of the game.
I can't believe people actually found something in this game to play. It is not worth the money. Codemasters have got to go back to the drawing table.
It's a yellow Kirby.  I mean, really.  Still, very cute game and I enjoy playing it when I walk on the treadmill.
I love this game. It is the best and now I am just typing to be able to post this review!
Awesome set of classic games.  This series is as good as it ever was and just a pleasure to enjoy even by todays standards.
Great game, scored it for only $19.99!  For that price you have to buy it, you won't regret it.  Love the Assassin's Creed games!
Don't waist your money. This game has no resemblance of sonic of past. The control of the character is hard. Plus the game is boring.
We bought this to go with our other remotes.  The kids love playing games on the Wii and we have got hours of entertainment with it.
As an old LSL an sierra in general fan... this game is a bomb. They re-wrote the meaning of adventure game. You'll have more fun with frogger.
I personally just don't like this game. Its boring.
The case itself is very nice and the vita fits perfectly into it but unfortunately 2 of the pockets for the games are broken and the games slip right out!
this game would not play on any of my ps2 ststems, so I guess I got a bad one, so I really cannot say how it was.
I loved this game on the PS3 but didn't play it much since i was still on the DarkSiders I. With all the DLC included, You cant go wrong. the graphics are great!-EPP
I liked this game a lot, but unfortunately my daughter didn't like me dancing in her room and taking up her wii, so she traded the game in to GameStop and got like $25.
So if you like mario and monopoly this game is for you, it may take some patience to learn the game, but this is a great family game.
Ignore this game at all costs if you value winning. I cannot win ANY match on this stupid game. And how embrassing is it to be beat by someone named "Hillbilly Jim"??
great freakin addicting game. fun for the family, kids, and other random animals .
My daughter (6) played this game once for about 10 minutes and has not played since. She says it is too boring.
Mine worked.. great so far! Using them on a retron 2 with original NES and SNES controllers, have played roughly 40 different games through these, many 2 player games, etc...
Kids love this game and play it all the time. Another hit!
wii games never work the remote is s***ty and unresponsive
Bought it for the Amiibo's tried out the game to see what it's like. I fell asleep playing. God the game is boring.
Complete trash they took this game on a whole new level cant believe it
Good game not much publicity but is very fun
Horrible controls, cheap animation, dreadful story combined to make a complete waste of time and money. Do yourself a favor and play lame free webgames before tossing money at this smelly heap.
Didn't like it you have to download the game after chapter 4.
i love this, i love this game, best thing i have gotten in a long time.
Redeemable on Steam. Have not yet played the game but there are many in depth game reviews out there.
This game is a joke! Don't waste your money.
The game Is No longer available in PS Store, which means this game Is defected. Too many bugs that they don't even bother fixing them since beta test.
It's ok. Video games have come a long way since this version.
I bought this game for my kid as he loves Jurassic Park. But the graphics don't look good they are like made from Lego, that kinda ruined the whole thing so we returned it.
this game has nothing to do with the ace attorney saga..i really didn't like it..imo....they changed the classic gameplay..and it was very disappointing.
Awesome game..as advertised ...satisfaction ..accomplished
Glitches and buffers constantly. The game freezes, so you have to restart (hope you saved!). Interactions are pretty basic. Being limited to one 6-sim household is the worst part
Sean lied there is no MP . He hyped this boring game.
Didn't care for it because I am old school when it comes to games. Ended up giving it to my 13 year old nephew
Honestly one of the best games in the Fire Emblem series. If you can get it for a low price, definitely don't miss the opportunity to buy and play this amazing game
boy friend bought this it is a kids video game he just happens to like to play it works good and he is happy with it
I love this game it is fun.  Even my grandchildren love to play this game. Thank you so much. The best.
very addictive game!  I love all the changes to the Sims and can't wait for the next one!
Bad gameplay, poorly setup, hard to control, but its batman and has an ok story.
Loaded all six disks, but slow. the game is glitchy, no problems caused by my PC. make sure you set aside two hours for instalation
if you can get over card battles this is a truly unique and fun game. although not fun enough to justify buying the expensive prequel.
Still playing this great game! Thanks for the shipping fast too!!!
Bought this game and played it once. It was incredible boring. I could see getting into it if i devoted a ton of time and money. Not for me.
I mean I played this game when I was cooking a goose for dinner. The goose was tasty, but the game was not.
This game is wrong in so many ways I love it
Too large a download for me so can't really comment on the games. I know it states it is a download in the product description but still..
God-awful game as is it's sequel.  Game cheats and controls suck and the save feature is a joke
stupid game. played for about 30 minutes then just gave it away. save your money
Cool concepts, but terribly inconsistent plot progression and the most janky game mechanics possible.Good characters that die too quickly, cool setting that doesn't have much to expand on.
A+++++ The Game Genie for SNES is A-MUST-HAVE!!!! I FINALLY BEAT the game "Tiny Toons Adventures: Buster Busts Loose"
Use to play this as a kid and when I played it, it brought back all kinds of memories from my childhood. Definitely a game to have if you are or were a fan of wrestling.
PaRappa The Rapper has become one of my all time favorite games. Not only does it have cute characters it has really upbeat songs that make you want to play the same level over and over again.
its a very nice product and the quality ist great, it was more than y can wait and the price is normal gamers productos line,
Please do not bother.  The game is about as exciting as getting your upper lip and uni-brow waxed or shaved.
I have the guitar and drums, but it seems that the game did not detect them well because every time you try to touch it descordinan buttons.
Game game as described.  No issues at all and a good price.  Packing was well done as well and here fast.
Same physics as Madden 13 besides the new "Run Free" system. Not a noticeable change. Copy and Pasted game. :'(
Do NOT by this game, one of the worst games I played
I cannot find games to play with this mat! If someone can help me out I could use it!
This game has been a bigger disappointment then my sex life.
It bricked while i was trying to flash it so i could play xbox 1 games demand refund
A tech demo at best. The blocking mechanic is completely broken.I felt cheated after buying this game.
i like this fighting game cause you can change in game
Nothing to brag about.  Not a very good game and bored me to pieces....Nothing I'd recommend to anyone who likes games...
I love playing Zelda games. I'm not fully used to playing it on the DS because you have to use the touchscreen for a lot of parts but it's still a fun Zelda game.
Great game, even loved the closed maps against bots.
If you like adventure games, my wife and I strongly recommend this game. Like Grim Fandango, another we highly recommend, it is original and fun.
What more needs to be said? Cod is the go to fps on most consoles. It's a great game and great successor to Black Ops 1.
It is a very good shooter, with unique wii u game pad usage
Old game from childhood and its not as great as i remember.
Can't play the game at all unless I'm online even then i only get two Characters, Scorpion and Sub-Zero. I can't even play the story. I want my money back
the problem with this game is that u can't access all the games.they appear in list of installed programs but you can't play them also you keep getting add on from the game center.
For $12 it was a good buy but there are so many bugs and glitches in this game that I assume are never going to be fixed.
I LOVED Shadow of the Colossus, but I just couldn't get into this game, and wish I hadn't bought into the 7-year buildup it took to finally get this game released.
My daughter wanted this game and it turned out to not be what she expected. She was very disapointed by it.
This is a awesome game, it is fun and enjoyable to play. The graphics and the gameplay is awesome. this is truley a fun game.
This will remain 1 star until they release the 2 games separately.
this game is defective I will be returning to you amazon for refund.edwardcallahan74@yahoo.com
Whoo, just beat Odin! (No spoilers here).Great game, next to FF X-2. Haven't played the older FF yet.Love it! Recommend it!
Great game if your a true fan of Mortal Kombat
This game is a non stop 6 hour button masher with a bunch of quick time events and terrible motion controls.  sound fun?  it isn't.
The game wound up being one of the worst I've ever played but it came as described.
found the game a bit too complicated, not what I expected after having played 1602, 1503, and 1701
this game is straight garbage water and no one will read this review
Cool history mode, but terrible gameplay. PES 2017 is much better!
Not just oppais, also a good game!
This expansion is a great game that provides hours and hours of fun.
NHL 2k10 was rather disappointing. I remember playing the older versions and they were about as good and had better gameplay. The Zamboni game is fun, but that is about where the good points end.
He is still loving these games guys.... I couldn't have gone wrong!  YAY's
the game is slow as hell, by time I finished loading my gun, I was dead and back at the command center.  you need good stuff for this game.
Whenever you need to vent this is the game to do it. no other game allows you to kill as many zombies at once than this game.
I love these naruto game. It works.
As all pokemon games this is also a high quality game , story is short but you have other ways of passing the time like breeding pokemon or catching them all , highly recommend
This is a truly fun game that takes all that is great from the third game and improves on it. Can't get enough and wish it went on forever.
I am really glad I bought this game! It has a lot of catchy, fun songs and challenging dances. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone
sent me the right game for the wrong system
I just didn't like this game much maybe because it's was a old game period.
My kids love this game... Talking about bringing the boys together for good food laughs and fun.. Well this was the way to do it.. This product came very fast and was packaged great...
boring game, even the kids agree.  Kinect games are just not that fun.
Great game, the music was amazing. Still wish i could find the full OST but songs are missing online. great rpg/hacknslash.
A great collection sans art book.Comes with code for mgs and vr psx games.
This game is a must have! Do yourself a favor and add it to your collection! If you don't have a collection, start with his one!
love the addition to my game. love all the new additions
All of these years later, this is the only RTS game I still play. Hands down the best RTS made, aside from Warcraft 2.
This is a fun game, when you just want to relax.
It was a good game. Played it at someone's house and when I got a PS I had to get it. How times change.
Best game of 2014!  Hands down!  Love it!  Sometimes, after a long day, I just go kill the s*** out of orcs for an hour two just to unwind!
Been waiting for this since the early 2000's, FINALLY they came back with a sequel. It really is that good. We haven't seen any Resident Evil games since then.
My fave game.. We love playing thus at my house.. The whole family competing fun fun fun
this game was a lot for me to grasp I am sure it is just make lack of experience of playing.
Worst CoD ever. Sold it back within a week. The loadout customization was very limited at first. But how can you level up when the game spawns enemies right behind you?
cant play it unless you buy there products with the software needed to play the game. rude
My first game was NMH 2 and wanted to see how the first game came to be and wasn't dissapointed either despite some of the bosses were fustrating, the others are epic!
Never played this game before buying. But it was a great buy everyone in family loves it.Even got me to play it and I hate the sticks.
I hate this game. It's not fun to play and I wish I never bought it.
If You Enjoyed All The other lego games then you'll enjoy this one. this game is so much fun. if you like indy then you'll like this game.
I will admit that I had not played this format of a game before. However, I find it extremely difficult and frustrating.
Let me get things straight, I LOVE this game.With that being said, I cannot give this game a 5 star rating (like it deserves) until EA steps up their customer service.
But others might rate it higher, especially if they like games of this nature/type.  I felt the story was lackluster and the gameplay was awful, but hey, that's just my opinion.
It's everything you would expect in a Street Fighter game but handheld.Good pickup for on the go street figher.
carappy game not enough ammo to compleate levels when you run out its game over the ai cheats and don't die when hit and allways get you evey time
My wife told me about this game and tell you they truth i hate games like this but it is a whole lot of fun for a die hard gamer.
Buyer beware, the game won't work without a connection to the 2K server. Microtransactions strike again. Too bad, cause otherwise a somewhat glitchy, but fun/beautiful game.
Best game I've played in a very long time...I've been playing vid games since the beginning....this game has me blown away...cant stop playing it...
The story is ok but the gameplay is booooooring, you basically do the same stuff the entire game (loot and upgrade stuff which will be useless after a few missions, repeat)
Cute figures.  Another great Amiibo product.  Each of the 3 figures add a lot of levels and content when used at the Amiibo cube in the corner of the plaza in the game.
Do not for anyreason buy this game it will not activate no matter what you do and 2k is no help in getting it to activate
The game is awesome and the statue is freaking so cool.
This is not a bad game but it is not a really good one either. It is one of the first Kinect games out so the sensor was a bit glitchy
was really short, but i was having a really good time while i was playing. Thought it was done quite well, but didn't have any multiplayer value. good game to rent or borrow
I didn't really like this game, I really hate the fast zombies and the night hunter things.
I have played every grand turismo game ever, this game is the worst piece of garbage in the history of Earth Stay away do not buy or rent this junk
Great game, great price. It does work in Windows 8 if you run as administrator. Although i haven't been able to get multi-player to work.
Worst game ever!  This is for kids 3 and younger.
A quick, fun LEGO game.  Nothing earth shattering, just a fun game.
Everything we loved about Titanfall 1, with even more polish and a wonderful campaign. The folks at Respawn just get it: make a game with high production values and minimize input lag to 0.
This game is a cash grab period. You can only play online and there is a ton of DLC. Ridiculous and sad game.
Purchased the item to use again my collection of original gameboy games especially Belmonts revenge,operation c,mortal kombat 2 and mega man 2,extreme,extrene 2. Item in super condition and worked in the first try
Worked perfectly right out of the box! I plug it in to my computer and used a Sega Saturn controller I got for $2 at the flea market. A must own for any computer gamer.
This game is all involving. The storyline sucks you in. There were a few places that surprised me and I literally jumped a little out of my seat. Worth the money.
Great game that takes place with different factions and always a different way to play every time.
Crap game nothing but trash do not buy this game unless you have issues rock star is complete and utter trash.
Dispite this game getting a thumbs up from me--because it minimal system requirements are listed...nothing was said about neededthe internet.Therefore it gets the one star review.bye.
The game was fun at first servers were full but really it needs a campaign for a new game and now there are only like 400 people that play it and its not the best!
Says it's a 3 game but it it's not
Good games for that price all interesting games fun to play and somewhat replayAble.  For people who like devil may cry
This game is amazing! I'm not a hardcore gamer but once in a while you run into something worth playing. This game is definitely worth playing! The reply value is pretty high as well!
In this game you play as charaters from monsters INC.,and you throw balls at each other,so what?Dont get it.
rotten game; no control whatsoever; impossible to use online control manualdon't waste your money on this garbage
Great graphics, likable characters, fun story, monster collecting.Better than ff15 by far.I am nit a ff fan and have never completed a ff game. However this one is addictive and fantastic. Great game
Got this game broken was never able to use and I completely forgot to contact the buyer and exchange it my fault
Tried this on a friends gaming rig, and the only thing I can say is-No, just No. Check out the reviews on Steam, and see that I mean. An Alpha game, at best.
Got the game in perfect condition, and I enjoyed every moment of it. The game is much more story in depth than any other Xbox RPG so far.
Whoever had sent me this game did something to it cause it came completely flawless with no scratches and the case was perfect but yet it wouldn't work. rip off
Fantastic game! I was amazed at the production value, it was like playing a movie!
Great game. The story line keeps your attention, better interactions than the first few AC games
The Graphics are amazing, however the ai's are very hard and the game itself is way to hurried and very unfun. not a good game.
One of the greats games in Playstation 3. Kojima did it again.
Thank you very much for this game. I got it quick and it was a good price. I really appreciate the service. This game is really fun.
It was a horrible release and just not worth half the price with the season pass. the game is amazing graphic and mechanic wise but it gets too repetitive and the dlc content is Lacking!
I am a big fan of super nintendo games however, this game does not really matchup the graphics are iffy at best, and the game play is Terrible
Son liked game. Cute game. Fast shipper and product was a described
I gonna say it fast... don't expected great graphics of this game only cuz is in ps4 go and buy the ps3 versin and save some $...
Sh*t game. Controls are so bad.
Failed in month one and was put back into beta for a few years, came back out better but still not that great was a rush to boredom at endgame.
This game is ok, the game could be better, but it is fare fun to play but not good graphices.
I love to play hidden object games and thought this deal was too good to be true, and it was. I have deleted it from my computer, none of the games drew me in.
Awesome case for DS games, very durable.
Don't purchase this game. It's online only and if you don't want to get left behind, you'll need to spend another $50 for the season pass (DLC).
All these wrestling games that came out for N64 were too good.
I just purchased this game and it would not load on my computer.  Very frustrating.
This is an incredible game. This is the first time I play this videogame, but I can say that is one of the best games I've bought. It is a highly recommended game.
This game brought a new future of gaming with it.  There is nothing to say but its GREAT.
My game is not working. Playstation is making a loud whirring noise and the screen is frozen
Bought it at a reduced price but still don't like this game.  Way to complicated for enjoyment.  I have it installed but planning to remove it since I find it stressful to try and play.
The game is amazing and with online, it's like the gift that keeps on giving.
everything about this game is was and will be fun, was highly underrated yrs ago but now collectors are buying them again.
terrible, please no one waist your time with thinking too buy this game, yes the stories are somewhat funny, but damn it just go so boring and stupid so fast
Awesome game, incredible graphics, not just a 360 port, but a total visual reworking of the game, along with a lot of new stories and adventures unavailable in the 360 version
too contrived, too many things going on at once, constantly changing team positions, just toooo busy. just direct orders would have much better. gave game away.
The figure is great and the game has great graphics.
Very good game. I don't know how many hours I've spent on this game.
Could not get this game to load on my Windows 7 64-bit laptop. Very disappointed, as this game sounds like a lot of fun.
Has grown to be one of my favorite games over the years.
I didn't care too much for this Res Evil game. I prefer RE6
Great game for the 3DS and you can play it year-round since different events and such are seasonal. Good way to take a break from games that are fast-paced.
Multiplayer seems broken, gameplay isn't that great. First payday is way better
MY kids love the gameplay and if i would let them they would play it for hours on their 2ds
These points able me to download a game from Xbox Live. I had no problem with the online code after buying it from Amazon.
I didn't do my research before buying this game. It's pretty dull. You walk around a lot and not much happens. This game won't get played much.
Condition of the game was excellent. The item fit the description!
this game is so unplayable because they have cheaters who sit there and tell the other team where you are at or sit there in curtain places all the time and shoot at you
wow this game sucks bad awful graphics awful story not fun at all i cant remember the last time i felt like i got screwed this bad buying a game
save your money and buy something else, anything else!  pretty dumb, even my kids hated it.  with modern warfare and battlefield series this game doesnt come close.
I was finally able to get my hands on this game, too bad GameStop stop selling PSP games or have the original case anymore.
We've had enough of these kind of games already.  Buy Def Jam Vendetta instead.
If you love the James Bond games, you owe to yourself to have this one on your collection! Pure fun!
Long story line, better than most with a plot, yet many side missions available. Easy to pick up and start playing (unlike an Elder Scrolls game) One of my favorite xbox 360 games.
This is the worst NBA game I've played since the N64. Last year's was so good too.
A great castlevania game that a fan of the saga can't missed.
This game is really good for a hidden object game. Never a dull moment. I really enjoyed playing this game and would recommend it to others with out hesitation.
The game depends on internet connection. You can really get bored waiting for it to load. Apart from that, is the same game of the whole.
dont waste time or money on this...there is no real mystery here...alot of lame puzzles to unlock things in game...very boring if your older then 13..
They are the only memory cards that fit into the GameCube slots, you can keep one per game in the case so you don't have to flip through your memory card pile.
NHL 2k9 Good game that has so many great features and fun modes to pick up and play!
What a great series..love them all I am hooked an I never play games-so grab these up maybe old but great intrigue an graphics
Purchased at a low price, When installing the online update from PS network for this game, can not get a complete install, so have not been able to play the game.
Ordered this game for my son. He likes playing this game. Fast shipper. Best selection and price on playstation 3 games
Ok, this game must have gotten harder. I can't beat it for the life of me. The game plays well, came on time and I have no complaints.
Great game, great service, delivered fast.  Thanks!
Grandcchildren love the Mario/ Donkey Kong games. It gives them something to do when we get a ton of snow.
The Gift recipient is very happy with the game. The Gift recipient is very happy with the game. The Gift recipient is very happy with the game.
Awesome game condition & fast delivery, thank you very much!
Horrible game. Don't waste the money.
difficult controls didn't respond well no fun factor in the game and frustrating game play I definitely won't recommend this game and that's why I give this game a bad rating
This game is garbage. It is one of the most boring games I have ever played. Terrible controls, garbage story, terrible glitchy online gameplay.
Niece was happy to get this game, she plays it quite a bit.
The game is so fun and thank you!
This was awful. After downloading the Sims 3 base game you have to update it, which is impossible without the actual CD. The expansions pack and stuff pack work fine on my part after downloading/
Another game just for kids. Adults will be bored with it!! I think the genre is most likely for ages 9-14.. Its too boring for adults!. I won't finish playing it..
its a  fantastic game if you like games like devil may cry you should have a great time with this game
Glad I bought this because I move where I slide on the board when I'm playing the game, so this probably saved my life.
There was no game included in the factory sealed box...wtf
The game controls are hard to work... Boring & Easy TO Beat too..
I loved this this game because it remind me of when I was a kid watching it on TV with my family.
don't care much for the game but dragon ball z xenoverse and shadow of mordor is way better
Modders in every single game ruin the fun by freezing your xbox or killing your player every few seconds.i love this game but the online part has been ruined.
Incredibly fun game. Awesome story, awesome graphics, awesome to play.
very poor optics, play these games a lot and never had a problem seeing the screen-might work for you didn't work for me
The good point is that the concept is not bad but the actual game is. Bad controls, glitches in the program, bugs make this game frustrating to play. Very disapointed with this game.
My statue came broken!!! Her hand was broken off. The game is amazing but I paid the extra $100 for the statue which was a HUGE let down
I own all of the Dance Central games and I thought this one will be fun but I'm not crazy about it, played it once and that was enough.
The AI is seriously cheating in this game. They could see you even when they shouldn't. I really hate games who depends on cheating AI, really ruins gameplay. It could've been great.
A bit boring but nice for a party. Anyone can pick up this game in 5 minutes and enjoy it. The music loop gets repetitive really quick
Is not a real game booo!!! Is a story-line type of game. No sorry if I wanted that I have comic books. Very disappointed.
Doesn't work past first boss fight, game is cool but CD is damaged.
the story mode is stupid and its a waste of money you cant do splat fest without internet. very stupid game
This game is a fun game, the young man that received it really likes it and plays alot. The packaging I received it in was good.
I played it for 2 hours and then uninstalled it.  It's crap.  Everyone online said they had to turn the game to it's lowest graphic settings to play.  Avoid at all cost.
Do yourself a favor and don't buy this, the plastic cover literaly melted in my hands, this barely last me a month and i'm not a hardcore gamer.
I really don't know what the creators of that game had in mind but it is a disaster; game play is horrible and I cannot recommend this at all; very disappoined
i like the jewel games. this one has alot of extra puzzles so the game would change styles. went through it in just a few days.
I did not like this game I played only up to the Byrd Barracs and The Yeti Sergenti
I love fighting games if you want a challenge this is one you should go with, its really fun if you love a fist fighting game with skills like Tekken
US Nintendo Wii Games are not working on European Wii game consoles
i was not happy with the story. the game was hard to play and i got stuck too many times. almost not worth it
This is the zelda that started it all... If you are interested in buying a game that is a little harder then the rpg's that come out today this is a must have
This game has bad campaign. player can get through in 4 hours on normal.  There is no split screen. It is the worse halo game to date.
this disc was scratched and it looked like someone bit into the corners of the disc and i keep getting game errors every time i tried playing it
I'm having a blast with this game don't listen to the bad reviews again I never played  the originals so that's maybe why I like it so much
Bought this item for my grandson,I have PS1,PS2 and PS3. I wanted to wait til got older. He's 6 now,in my heart,I hiope he's able tounderstand the game.
This game sucked, ubisoft continues to fumble this franchise and make pointless entries that are BORING and uninspired
Nothing new about the game needs new graphics and maybe control system. Same game since 2008 they could have done a better job
Kids are still playing this game today! They have had so much fun using it!
NEVER a DIABLO game if you are a botter or hacker this game was made for you and if so Auction House flipping will be a must for you too
This game is more like an arcade game, it could have been better, if it wasn't rushed.
I bought the limited version , but I get the standard version . about the game is good, excellent graphics.
Bought this game as a gift for Christmas.  The game came promptly and was as indicated in the description .
This controller the bittons had to be mashed so hard it hurt.... which isn't possible when playing something like the mario games
Amazed of how bad this game is, I got it thinking that it could be a fun game, but it was just the same thing over and over again!
The day this becomes the norm I stop giving any money to video game publishers.
RATING: AwfulHorrendous framerate, repetitive quests, nonsensical story, glitched achievements (I beat the game on the hardest difficulty and received nothing), this is easily one of worst games I've ever played.
i played it for a little while and the game just seemed a little ridiculous. Kind of felt like i was playing a really cheesy game. but maybe its just not my cup of tea.
I didn't care for the ghost stories or the games associated with it.  The other casino games are okay.
This type has a problem with delay don't buy it. Wait till Wii comes out with something that works! The delay is so bad it is not possible to play any games with it.
My kids have had a blast playing this game.  Provides hours of fun and exercise.  Recommend for your family.  !
Great game I don't know why people say the will u one is not as good as the switch one as I never have seen any problems.
Such a small hard drive. I only use it for back up or travel if I'm going somewhere to visit family and have some games on it. Otherwise don't bother
This may have been a good game 5 years ago, but compared to recently released games, it is pitiful!!  The graphics are terrible!
This is a wonderful game. Highly rated by my son and his friends!
Absolute Crap game. It's sad that a game released in the time of Massive MMO's is even allowed. Cannnot hold a candle to LoTRO or WoW.
if need for speed and mario cart would have a baby this would be born.. very addicting game, love it.
I think this game has gotten good reviews.  I don't see the appeal.  It is just a castle defense game.  Nothing really special about it.
A puzzle game worth playing only once or not a all. Feel like a waste of time playing this game, not even fun to complete.
bosses to hard to beat deathstroke is a cheater he does not take damage from batmans punches the game is not fair batman is supposed to have the advantage  not a fun game
If you have played previous releases and like them, this is much the same with improvements. Great game and realism.
We love Mario, but we can't figure this game out at all.  My 7 year old won't even play it anymore.  I don't get it.
short and too much cut content. beat the game, maxed gear in less than a month. not a mmorpg, not open world, do not buy
This game is the best. I loved every moment of the story and the rich detailed world of San Andreas. The multiplayer is hard to get into but I really enjoyed playing with friends.
This is a great game all the way! loved it as a kid and still love it to this day.
I love this game!!!! I could play it all night!!!
Love this game. Like all Far Cry games have been, it is visually stunning.
Just wasn't fun to play.  Interesting story moments, but the game play was just not that intuitive and kinda clumsy.
One of the best games, I have ever played
This memory card works great i can save my playstation game and it fits in my ps2. No problems you just cant save a ps2 game on this card!
My grandson received Skylanders owners pack as a gift, it has no portal. This was GREAT.  He play the game almost every weekend and no problems. Glad this was availble
i prefer the old one because it is more simple and fun. This game is confusing they are trying to take the Call of duty zombies approach and it fails miserably
game diid not work after one week-needs a software fix before they released it-do not buy game till they fix it
I really love this game When i  love playing this game I recommend anyone to get it and it also works on the xbox 360
Riptide  is worst worst zombi game of alltime. It's a joke.
It's awesome, because of course it is it's a souls game! Seriously though, GREAT game, spooky deep, & challenging, must have for ps4 9\10
How can you make an M rated game after a crummy PG-13 movie!?  Give me a break.
This is just a great technical demo, a "game" with a silly story equal or worst to the lastest C.O.D. games.
One of my favorite C&C games!!!
...it's a rather boring shooter. The toy soldiers conceit is nice--but quickly wears thin. Would be better as a tower defense game, perhaps. I played it out almost immediately.
Excellent game!! Love It! Great seller!
This is one of the best games I have. I highly recomend it. Good first shooter game. It is easy to play.
great game. i think its better than call of duty.
this isn't even a full game, more like an expansion. and you still pay full price so i would wait for Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2
This was a cute game for my kids when they were younger, but they're almost teenagers now, so it's time to give this one to a younger neighbor kid or to Goodwill.
You get killed way to easy in this game.  It really is no fun!
Not much to say about it.  Pros:the Price is okay and it stores a lot of data.  Cons:Sometimes deletes saved game data,which is why I didn't give it a 5.
wasn't good.. sent me a platinum edition instead of the game pictured
Shred a $50 bill instead of this game, your paper shredder will thank you.
i am tired of the madden sires. nothing changesits the same stuff every year. i would never again buy another madden game.
I didn't remember this game. I thought it would be like the first game. BOY was I wrong. They tried to make it more interactive but what they did was make it boring and dumb
Oh god, talk about a let down. I've never been disappointed with a game in so long.
dont like the game product dose work thank u
I got this in a wii bundle. I only like the tennis game. I suggest wii sport resort if anything
Do not buy any thing WoW, They have moved all resources to a new game.  I have played Wow for years and now they have combined servers and can not even log in.
Case is no good don't waste ur money is so thick you could barely push the buttons to play your game
Surprised me how much fun this game is.  And it is more challenging than it looks.  So give the game a try,  it is worth it.
Day of Reckoning is a far better designed game than the SvR series. SvR is absolutely awful.
Horrible game. Boring, same old same old game you've played 1,000 times before
With difficult controls,lousy graphics and repetitive music,this game is a mockery of the great James Bond. Don't waste your money on this worthless shooter-if you want REAL James Bond,buy the movies instead.
While the gameplay is good, the cheesy English voice acting combined with juvenile story that is no better than Pokemon makes this game unplayable.  I regret getting this game ever so much.
I bought this game for a 13 year old for Christmas. He loves it.
this game is not for adults lol. I really don't know where the rating came from. the graphics are a joke.
this makes it so easy for me to find a game I want and saves me so much space. love these.
this game makes no sense at all and is just treble there is no real story played if a few times and took it off my computer and gave it away to good will don't waste  your money
I was in real need of this charger i had so many games i couldn't finish and now i am able to.
Love the WII. Tons of classic games. This was used to purchase Mario 64.
I got this game from gamestop and woaa big disappointment, poor development like the one that came, out few years ago. I can't believe i fall for this again.
This game is awsome, the map is huge and the fun is endless. If you love open world games you will love this one plus the graphics are amazing!
EA should be ashamed of this game but people keep buying it so why should they care?  Please don't buy this.
Great for playing classic games, platformers, or games like Smash Bros.
I am so glad that this new version of Splinter Cell is compatible with my Laptop. In the future I hope all games use these PC requirements. Epic gameplay, nuff said.
We really enjoyed this game. It does take up some room, especially the drums so I would make sure I had a good place to store it when not in use.
This game is awesome.Its rare to find a great co-op split screen game and this game is just that.Great story, great system, you'll have fun whether you play it solo or with a buddy.
i love this gamegreat soundtrack and colorful graphicshilarious characters especially Noe Cortex :)
If RE8 remains a cheap jump scare casual 1st person shooter like RE7, I won't follow the numbered series of Biohazard game any longer.RE has become a generic casual FPS, it's dead.
This is a really cool game!! It's fun and funny and the colors are so vivid and has good story line. Definitely a game to have!!! Boomerang this game in your collection!
Very fun and unique coming from the original game concept. Feels like Samurai Spirits a warriors rage.
game workes but deacription was terrible, it didn't say it wasn't the original case, no manual, and a made cover with a copy of photo
I like so much the characters and the game play!this rpg strategy is the best like no one.
Do not like gameplay. Not my type of game and not well done
This game is the best ever made on N64 gameplay is amazing and entrances is great as well one of my favorite game to play
Fantastic game. Great collector's edition extras.
All I got was a collector's disc, no game. Cool case tho
This game was bought as a gift, recipient seemed to like it.
If you like Rally and Off Road racing, this deep game has excellent graphics, tunning before any race, and a good variety of climates, events and tracks in America and Europe.
Great game, even greater graphics. I do recommend playing the other Killzone games however, the story without those was hard to follow. Game came in quickly and in mint condition.
This game is repetitive, frustrating, and very, very, very buggy. Wait for used copies of this to sell for like $5 20 years down the road before you play this garbage.
This game was absolutely terrible on so many levels. Really boring. You run around in a one dimensional world swinging god knows what. TERRIBLE!!!!!
I needed new cables for my gamecube so i bought this. The price was good and it works great as well.
Okay we have had this card for a month and has already quit on US ! and now have to start my games all over!! 1 star for at least working a month!
This game is a waste of time. Very poor graphics and controls. Gameplay is good. I would not recommend this game.
How doesn't like the transformers they are the coolest. At least that's what my kids said when I asked them did they like the game.
Everybody raves about this game at the time.  I was excited to get it, but just never got into it.  The graphics where really nice and the cut scenes amazing.
This is not for kids unless they are gamers. I have not so gaming 8year old and 5 year old and It took Dad to get us threw the croc pand on the first level.
Very fun game one of my favorite Sim's games I highly reccomened this game
As a big war games fan I really hated this game from the first mission, its hard and not playable.
Controllers do not work, poorly constructed.  Plus you cannot save progress on the games you play.  If you are a game enthusiast I would reccomend buying a used Sega Genesis.
It is hard for me to even put into words as to how bad this game is.  And to think I paid full price.  So there goes fifty down the crapper.
Gave it 5 stars because while its not the best game but its a fun action game, and for barely over $10 it makes it a easy purchase
I did not expect to have this much fun with a LEGO game. I'm a believer now.
This game I think has a great foundation for a game but didn't come through.  I think they could make a lot of improvements to this game to make it more enjoyable.
Definitely a very entertaining game with characters from Looney Tunes, is challenging the screens that appear and use the characters, an excellent game.
leaves horizontal  rainbow stripes just awful! the game stop screen protectors are great and 2 in a pack for 9.99 but these are awful
It is an older game, but even so the graphics, game play and story are not that good.  Might be a game more suited for a pre-teen or teenage girl.
A new story with all the greatest characters on one game for non stop action
all the kingdom hearts games are a hit in our house. ..and this one is no exception.
Very happy with this game. It arrived on time and was everything that was described. I am willing to do business as I was very pleased with the results.
To me this game was kind of short thy should of made it longer. I encourage game desiners to not stop making ww2 games I realy love to play them their the only thing I love to play
Hard to find a game and support it when they can't even get some of the basics in it that have been present for years.  Shame on you EA.
This game great but I don't think I like as much as all you WII lovers will be as you are playing it.
Fast shipping and I haven't found a gamecube game it doesn't work with yet.
This game is crash happy, and no patches from microsoftseem to work, with winVista or any directX.I pitched my copy of it...just could not get it to stopcrashing.
EA cannot make a good game or have decent customer service.
A nice collection of games that actually work on Win7 and NO nasty DRM. Maybe EA and Ubisoft should take note and stop putting DRM,s in they're games.
i love the army men series and this is a very fun game one of my favorite dreamcast gamesbuy it you won't regret it
I only played for the single player. Graphics 8.5/10  Story 8/10. There's an interesting new game mechanic about halfway that makes this game great
Great game! Best one of the series thus far by a long shot! Highly recommended for any gaming  sports fan.
What a waste. This game just solidifies why the kinect is useless. I would give this zero stars if I could. This game is worse than fighter within.
This is a fun and challenging game. Lots of options on different locations and types of fishing.recommended for children and adults.
if it was 40 dollar I Wudnt complain but paying 60 dollar for multiplayer only game and not even having enough maps and guns.its a ripoff.
My 13yr old son wanted this game and he loves a good challenge when playing video games and this does just that.
One of the best Spongbob games ever. Don't agree with the people who gave it a 1 or 2.
Worst game ever! Bungie, please stop making games since no one cares about Halo anymore.....and, you're just not current!!
I hate this game and every Madden game since 2012.  That is what we still play. It has roster imports from NCAA, a real Franchise and edit players.
I remember buy this game when it first came i never get board it's the best wwf game ever made don't listen to the prople complaining about this game they jst suck
This game arrived quickly and as described. I am happy with this purchase. Thank you
My daughters are really into any of the lego games, and they are real fun to play! Disc came in perfect condition!
Pinball is a classic and this game does it justice> It pays for its self in no time replay value is very high. Its now one of our favorite games to kick back and play.
Fun game and awesome grpahics, a bit slow for though.
I have gotten through most of the game and it's just good, simple fun. I also don't have any kids so I'm talking to adults :) playing through again with the unlocked characters.
My kid (girl 6) likes it a lot.  Bought a used one for under $[...].  Not very impressive game.  I wish I would have gotten one of the other ones out there.
Another great game from the Madden franchise. Awesome graphics, fairly easy game play. Still a fan of Madden!
1. Six disk install.2. Wouldn't accept input from my Logitech gamepad3. Constantly aborted to Windows.4. Update didn't work.5. Update locked up PC, on reboot Chkdsk was needed.6. Uninstalled.
This game is great amazing story line and great mechanicsalmost as good as Twilight princess or Ocarina of time
bought fo gaming for World of Warcraft, keybinds are easy to set within game or remap keys all together for it, awesome piece.
This game is terrible!! I'm glad I only paid $5 for it..the games would be fun if it wasn't so difficult to play and I'm a 40 yr old adult
This controller works just fine with my gamecube and is much cheaper than buying the real deal. The Z button doesnt click when pressed like the real one but still works. Good product. Good price.
What can I say, I'm partial to Lego games, and this does not disappoint.  This game just kept bring the laughs.  Oh, and it's fun to play as well
Great for people who have an N64 but no expansion pack to have.  Overall a great addition to a N64 gamers guide.
Great game. It is like a film.
I wasn't was I was expecting for this game. Last time I've played was when I had a segacd.
This game is very boring.  No acion what so ever....if you want an action game, get Halo.
This system is amazing.  Had it for over a year and its the perfect package.  Games, entertainment, streaming.......perfect.  Plenty of good games.
I thought the game was quite boring and wasn't fun or interesting to play, but that is my personal opinion.
This game is just like the last few MWs. Nothing has changed; I'm happy I rented this instead of blowing 60 bucks on this. Activision need to really try something new.
Best baseball game I've played yet.  Really fun.
Terrible terrible game. Not worthy of being among the same name as the first 2. Don't buy this game.
The games that I could play were entertaining but some of them came with their very own trojans, no extra charge.
I installed the game...played it 3 times and have never touched it again.  For a franchise I was so addicted to I am sorely disappointed.
ok look its a call of duty game so it is just like the rest it sucks! and for that i will never buy a nrw call of duty game again
Was not very happy that the game was super super scratched up!!!
I am a FF fan from way back & this game did not disappoint at all. I love the characters & all the game play.
i just got the guitar hero 5 game and it won't work on my playstation 2
Honestly there is nothing I can say.  If you heard of God of War then you know the epic nature of this game.  1080p and Kratos just makes life good.  Definitely get the game.
This game does lots of things right. If you are going to purchase this game be ready to spend hours into the game.
Fun game, has a good learning curve and has kept me invested for days of racing
The game will download but after the first minute the whole screen goes black. You can hear the sound but no  picture.
Controllers work awesome! It is now so much easier to control the game characters, rather than use the wireless crappy ones that came with my Retron console! Game on!
Pretty fun game. Riptide is meh but the original is a lot of fun.
This game was awful!!!I have played hundreds of HO games and this was the worst!!!Goofy puzzles without directions,pathetic HO artwork. Just a poor excuse for a game. Save your money
I bought this game a few months ago and I am simply in love with it! The gameplay is great and it is definitely a cool game to play on PC or on consoles!
Love these! I have a grey one and a blue one. Perfect for multiple ds games. I like that there are multiple colors available. The kids can't accidentally grab the others game case.
This is without a doubt, the crappiest game I have ever downloaded. Puzzles make absolutely no sense. I will NEVER download another game by playrix.  Terrible game.  I'll stick with Alawar!
This game is a disgrace to the mega man name. It's horrible plain and simple. Ugly, too hard, stupid idea overall. Forget this and get X7 for PS2. much better.
Games sucked, don't believe the hype. I was looking 4ward 2 playing this collection only 2 b very disappointed. Couldn't find 1 interesting thing about these game. Wouldn't recommend.
Love this game! Second best resident evil behind re4.
I loved the first Hawx PC game when it came out. Playing Hawx 2 got boring after several missions, is just a shame.
Great game, there's a lot of new controls that you allow you make sweet catches.
Evolution studios closed by Sony. Evolution studios closed by Sony. No more game support of any kind. Worth $5-10 now max as an offline racer.
excellent product to have and enjoy as the kids cannot put the game system down. I encourage any parent to buy this game as it is a keeper.
First single player game which is unplayable at launch.  You have to do a 3 hours queue to play a single player game.Say no to this garbage.
Do not buy this product for the gamecube, This A/V cable is incredibly cheap and looks nothing like the picture. When using it, there are static lines across the screen that appear.
I've bought this game for my boys for the gameboys, the computer and a few other devices.  All four of them loved it.
It's a fun game and it stimulates my old brain. Once you quit it does not save, so you have to start over again.Recommend it.
Classic game. Works on Retro Duo system. I would Strongly Recommend this game to anyone who enjoys classic JRPG's. :)
Shaped oddly, and doesn't work with most games as a controller. Not sure what they were thinking when they made this
This game is so much fun.  It's colorful, funny, has great controls.  It's a must play game for the Xbox One.
Puchased it new and case was  damaged but other than that game is really good the only reason I don't give 5 stars Is because my game case came broken
Thanks A lot! Really great game that my brother loves.  got as a gift and it came quickly and as described.
this game is terrible did Nintendo hire George Lopez to make a flying Mario game but he was drunk do not get this extermly horrible game!
The game arrived in excellent condition, ready to install and play (after putting your credit card information of course).  Thanks.
amazing game, I love it since the begining, great story, really anjoyable gameplay many escenaries and vehicles, nothing was predictable... Great Game!
This amiibo is very useful for games for Nintendo Switch, the Nintendo Wii U, and the New Nintendo 3DS.It is awesome.
for some reason it will not play with my other games and i am very disappointed.  I was looking forward to this game that I am really frustrated
My favorite game of all time.  Perfect price during holidays for all the content included.  So good, I now own it on every console and PC I own.
This game is the most completed game I've played. Realistic. This game was the only reason I jump from PS3 to PS4, it worth every penny spent...
This game has a great concept, but so much lamer than the second one. Kind of boring in all honesty. The graphics are really bad and cartoony as well. Not a great purchase.
Nothing to complain about except this was the easiest game I have ever played. Its a great game but for renting only as you will have it done in 2 hours....
I didn't buy the games for me to play but I didn't like the damage that was done to the case
This Xbox one controller works excellently with all of my games and especially Call of Duty: Advanced.
Great game! I loose hours to this game. I love that you can go back to controlling how your Sims age (hated that part in Sims 2).
Great game but definitely not for young ones.
Great RTS game, plenty keep you busy for hours. Bonus getting the original in HD too.
I played this game for 5 - 6 hours; I just couldn't get into it. The controls I thought were terrible. A game guide is definately needed.
it's really a classic great story graphics and game play,it arrived really quick and in great conditions, i really recommend it
Problems with cursor disappearing and mouse being unresponsive during gameplay. Middle mouse double click problems starting in LESS than SIX months.
Words perfectly. Very pleased and a fun game
Insomniac has definitely fell off. This game needs more polish. Hopefully insomniac steps it's game up because this game is not great by any means.
At the price I got this limited edition game.... it was a bargain... quite obviously the game is awesome.
Most fun i've had in a video game.
one of the few game that i have play multiple times, and it doesn't get un-interesting.
I just received this controller. Most of the games shows me " this controller is not supported" some of this games require nunchuk but again I'd does not support this controller
Who doesn't love a good game of smash? Crazy People.
Fun game, keeps you busy for hours. Caught myself playing it for 18 hours straight
its slow, bad lip reading, long loading times, really really bad rendering, i feel like im playing the game on the first ps
Very enjoyable game, even better than Diablo 2.
All I want to do is play a game, not load systems log onto the internet and Stream.I would not have bought it if I knew Stream was required.
if you haven't joined the uncharted family yet this is the perfect game to start with breath taking graphics intense experience
This actually has a great single player game would give it five stars but the multiplayer is completely unplayable due to EA not letting my get online. EA has to fix there system on the Xbox.
My boys loved this game around the age of seven.  As they have gotten older they have grown less interested in this game.
game disk was cut out of the box so this item was NOT new and was NOT complete
Every time I order this product, the company sends me NBA Street the first one. I've ordered this game four times. I've given up on this game. Send it to HELL!
I have been playing HoMM since game 3 and I love 5. Expansion provides a great amount of extra missions and I am glad they went back to this style of play compared to 4.
exactly what i asked for. thank you, fun game, love the in game items
Quite the addicting game, I play it on a daily basis. I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a game to kill time.
Best Star Fox game I have ever played. And comes with bonus action game featuring Bayonetta!
Ghost Recon dumbed-down.The original Ghost Recon was great, but this feels more like a dumbed-down action movie rather than a strategy/shooter game.
One of my favorite modern games by far. Interesting story, fight mechanics are fluid and intuitive, graphics are great... Glad I picked it up, I play it for hours at a time.
Another survival Horror game with every step of imaginable horrors to unfoldVery challenging and suspensful. Great Game
good game...I think it was 100% better than AC3...
Ambitious game, but poor execution. It tries to do a lot of things unfortunately none of them well.
The installation was fast and easy. The game is great and I would recommend it to anyone who likes realistic combat flight simulators.
Can't get my s7 to recognized my gamepad. It keeps saying keyboard which sucks I'll be purchased the controller made for the headset. Waste of money.
Very clunky controls, not something I expected to be made recently. I liked the uncharted vibe it gave off, but I feel with a larger budget this could have been a more serviceable game.
This was a great kid game. I really appreciate the fact that Nintendo has some many family & kid friendly games. This game arrived very quick too.
good game but this copy glitches before getting to the boss
I loved this game when I played it on my Xbox 360 and I still love it, plus no install time is always a plus for any game.
Everything fits in perfect order. There is plenty of space for the games and accesories. Once you place your Wii here you will never move it again.
I don't understand why they did a remake of the crappiest Devil May Cry game this game sucked the first time gonna suck in 1080p now
One of the best games I've ever played in my life!
Video game for my son, if my son begged me to buy him this game. This pleased, I have not played, but the magnificent parks told me, so I recommend it. Cheers .
So far I can't get the game sounds into the headset... only other mic users.
Great baseball game, been playing it for a while now and it gets pretty addictive... Especially the online feature, which I've had some issues lately...
Really disappointed in the game play. This studio continues to disappoint.
I got this game thinking it would be allot of fun, however I soon realized you have basic control over what happens in the game. I lost interest very soon after putting it in.
Very boring game, to bad bungie didn't make it and turn it into a first person shooter game, than it would have been better. not worth the money.
As described, racing game turned out to be better than i Thought similar to mario cart.
Couldnt get past a poor and broken level. Ruined the game
This item was purchased as a gift for my Grandson, it was requested by him and his mother, they both love the game. It has worked flawless since they received it.
want to hide how unmaly you are? Buy this game! Even if your wife leaves you because of it!
Received promptly and in condition promised. A good FPS game. Very interesting with good graphics and effects. Good little game.
This is a great Game.....Your not going to find a better real time statagy game
This is a poor game with bad game play and no amount of pay offs and bribes by the publisher can change that fact.
This game is badass man its a must buy
works great fun game lots of customization lots of superstars to play as plus make your own and your own moves.
the game is to hard no matter how god you are the enemy allways gets you from every where without aiming or reloaing the ene is ncompleateabenemys cheat and do not die when hit
Excellent followup to the original game, hours of first person fun
Awesome!!! Kids love this game and their new characters
As someone who played over 40 hours is a waste of time and effort I regret buying his eye candy game because that's how it is eye candy.
Great game. I grew up with mario kart 64 and on so this game is great
Fun game for all the kids, lots of different games to choose.
This is only a online game which means if you don't have a lot of people with thus game or can find a match this game is useless
Thank you. Had to buy new ps2 because I still have my old games. my old ps2 stopped working a while ago. I recommend seller.
never got game even though i did pay for it so i don't know what it is like it did look like fun boy what a shame it could of been fun.
If you need another controller buy this because it is almost the same price plus you get a fun game practically for free.  The game is Okay, its worth the extra five bucks one pays.
Very dumbed down compared to Crysis 1. Don't really care for this game. Looks really pretty though.
Was never a fan of first person shooters until I played this game, I love it!
Good game. Plays great on my pc and it's very entertaining.
The game requires an internet connection to connect to Steam in order to install the game, but this fact does not seem to be mentioned anywhere.
Right on target with the other Duke Numkem's...a never ending story...great graphics...great characters....great game
This game is simply not what I expected. I was looking for more interaction and not only a strategy game.
I rushed to buy this game from GameStop and the multiplayer doesn't work. What a waste of money. Going back to Advanced Warfare and Assassin's Creed until they fix the problems.
I remember this game being way more fun on the computer. For some reason, the ds version was just a disaster. Horrid graphics, and gets boring very quickly. I'm kinda disappointed...
Amazing game. Would recommend for any fallout fans
I had played all series of ths game and I do not like lose this last game
All high quality figurines, so that even if you're not interested in the game play aspects of the Amiibo, it's still a nice collectible :)
The prizes was good but I've got to say that this is the only Assassins Creed sequel I did not enjoy, the game control & gun aiming was hard & the game is full of glitches
Wow. I have say as a tuner myself having a tt g35 and supercharged fx35 this game is the closest to reality I have ever seen so far.
My grandson and his friends are really into the Disney Infinity game console.  They provide hours of good wholesome entertainment.  The item arrived on time, was well packaged and easy to open.
A mindless sloppy poorly balanced shooting gallery, and a graphical mess. There really needs to be a refund policy for video games.
Such a fun game.  Looks so good on Xbox One.  If you like open world games, play this game.
There are no active servers for this game anymore. All you are buying is an instruction booklet. The game WILL NOT WORK!
Wonderful game, wish there was an easier difficulty setting, but I just used an action replay to get through the tough parts so it was fine :) Great music, great areas, great EVERYTHING
boringm going zombie hunting , repetitive, no replay value, stop playing after a few plays with the game , haven't played it since.
Bought this on Halloween, amazing! 9.5/10, Watch the 6part mini series first, than the Dvd movie than the game, in that order!!
played and liked fall out 3 then bought new vegas I hated this game I purchased this game used for $10.00 and its not worth it. feel sad for the people that paid full price OUCH
Bare bones game with most of the content coming well after release, save your money and wait for a complete version to release at some point down the road.
This is a great game. Love that you don't 'beat' the game and you are done. Some many challenges and scenarios, I don't see getting bored anytime soon.
Kept falling off the controller.  All controllers i had when i would play they would eventually fall off mid game.
This game is excellent along with the graphics. So all around it is great and something I would recommend for someone that is into the Mario and Luigi or some combination of those.
Great gameplay though on the very easy side. Fun and unique niche rpg.
Boring game and idea. Couldn't hold my son's attention or any kid that came in contact with it. I wouldn't buy again.
Great game very fun multiplayer is a blast love the campaign
Very unsatisfied the game came but wasn't working.
it's fun and kids love it  too. i am a fan of the show but it's a very fun game
i had purchased the game hoping for a game that was different but its hard to control and difficult to play. not reccommended.
the game is cheap, literally!! looks like a ps2 game, is not what i expected at all!!in terms of delivery and product, i am satisfied
Theirs nothing to do in this game , but running around finding the next strongest gun or cool clothes. Nothing to this game except a decent story. Highly recommend buy a different game.
If you are a real RPG player and little older like me :) and love skyrim, don't waste your time and money with this PS2 game. it's like past time.
This game is awesome.  Play for months.
Kratos Rules !!!! There is no game better than this. Play and you will see. Play It NOW !!!!
Just trials of nes games not the real deal
Definitely one of my favorite games on the wii.  There is an additional single player mode as well as several events and other things to do.  Definitely worth it.
No HD output :( mi LED TV just show a mini window of the game
great game just remember u need expantion oak to paly it
I'm not a game player but my nephews seem to like this game.
The graphic of this game is beautiful. The game is fun and challenging.Sometime, the game remind you of different games aspects of the Mega Man franchise.
A perfect way to waste $80 bucks. This game is like sims 2. Go play sims 3 and have fun, don't buy this cartoon game.
This game will work on windows 7. It is fun! I have gotten other Mystery PI games and they are really fun. I have played others over and over again.
While this is a good game it dosen't compare to the PC one, MOHAA.  Go buy MOHAA and don't waste your money on this one.
Good plot. Better gameplay than AC3. I hated Kenway, but now I like him. Received in perfect condition.
another game my son loved. it actually rocks...i watch hi play sometimes:)
I've played all the Assassin's Creed games and this is the best one so far in the series. I'd buy it again.
Considering the hype and sys spec req, I was expecting "gameplay + graphic" enjoyment; wrong. Just another FPS. Nothing special and at times very frustrating.
Graphics are great, story line was awesome. I loved this game.
this game is really fun! im not a hardcore fan of hockey but this game was a blast!
Completely unlike anything they originally advertised the game to be.  Mediocre graphics.  Awful gameplay.  Clunky.  No tutorials of any kind!
Great game to enjoy while deployed, made time go buy quick!
This game is so good! The dungeons are well thought out and a blast to play!! This game makes you use your mind and the fighting mechanics are amazing.
I bought the original at game stop and couldn't stop playing it! Loved this one too! I like when companies think outside the box and do a different style game..
This is a great collection for those of you out there that want to play some old games but don't own the old systems anymore.
Not even worth buying used. Pretty to listen to but the worst game play ever.Nothing like previous star wars games.
I had high hopes and this game dashed them on a very hard rock
Great game from sony...best ps game I've played this year
Lame roster,crappy gameplay,ugly graphics and an impossible showcase mode,make this game a HUGE waste of time and money...don't bother!
game sucks.  no clear objective, control is POOR.  targeting is POOR, swapping weapons POOR.  if I could give a lower rating I would.
Headset worked great for the first 2 weeks and now my son can not hear anyone talking in game and they can not hear him.  $9.99 get what you pay for I guess.
This is a fantastic game! I recommend this to anyone who likes Contra. (Basically anybody who likes beat-em-ups or 2D Side-scrollers with over the top action.) 10/10
i alway bought this every time my old road trip cd broken, i keep reorder it.. i still love this game.. great for younger kids!
Terrible game. My 5 year old won't even play it.
poor aiming of weapons and scattered game play.  On Campaign it is  hard to figure out where to go--even with a Crude Compass
I Just plat this Game ....and let me tell you that is not fun to play this game , it's really boring .
I enjoyed wow for a few months but let's be real... this game is in dire need of a sequel that is more... "up to date"
This is an amazing game. It was awesome to relive my childhood memories. This game is in excellent condition. Thank you!
This is game is a 2.5D scroller. Not what I was expecting. Watch some online reviews or footage before purchasing.
I love this game, i am a fan of Call Of Duty Black Ops III
Fun game and good story to go with the game
Don't get me wrong ; I love stealthbut this game was portrayed to be more of a shooter/action adventurePlease, pass it up. There is a reason it's only 20.00 on PSN...
Very great and challenging and improved upon the last game in every thing,,,It is a no brainer for fans of 2d platformer to get this
It reeks.  It's not an actual game, it's go there, click that.  A robot could do it.
Buy the 1tb version.  500gb is full after 5 games installed.
if you like to game fine.... I just bought this for the red controller and the price was worth it for 2 free games.... maybe I'll trade them to a friend later
I can't believe I waited this long to play this!?! It's amazing and fantastic. Absolutely loved the writing. Maybe Valve will actually make games again someday.
Love this game, since I only have a wii, it entertains me as a samurai warrios fan.
this game is amazing i have to say i been playing to everyday since i git it the shipping was fast and arrived new still in plastic wrap great product
I had this game when I was a little kid so I already knew it was awesome. I love it
Froze every 2 seconds and that's If I was lucky enough to get it started. Good condition was hardly the correct description for this game.
This to me is a great game. I'm old school, I used to play this when my daughter was just born, she's 13 now. Glad they made the gamecube version.
This game is terrible! The action is little, and its not like TW at all! So anyone who plays TW do not buy! Even Empires was better than this trash!
Bought this for my son. He is very happy with this game.
Can't believe how much time I can still spend on this game. This was one of the best GTA games ever in my opinion, aside from GTA 5 of course.
This game is a timeless game, that allows you to experience the clone wars though major characters from the movies and star wars TV shows and books.
Good if you like 2002 game to 2006. I didn't like the start, wasn't sure what to do. I'm a new gamer so I suck
I really like all the new venues in the game. Most of them are 30 x 20 lot sizes so they fit easily in most of the premade towns.
Amazing, just like I remembered it from the 90s when it came out.I loved this game and the style.
Just an ok game.  We are going to trade it in.  Not very fun.
Love this game, another one I thought I would never find brand new
Note to Sega or whoever makes a Winter Olympics game.  Make a killer Curling event... and then worry about the other events.
Bought this game for my 14 year old son. He absolutely loved the game.
graphics are o.k,but there are glitches on both platforms-ps4 and xbox one. got boring with it doing quest missions and monsters. save your money on this one.another crappy glitch game going to gamestop for trade.
Not very exciting, pretty standard racing game and not as good as others that I've played.
My son is 9. He loves this game. Especially with the handbooks that are $5 here on Amazon. He spends hours building and creating. A great gift for the imaginative child.
Really great game and understand what big boss was like right after mgs 3.
I remember watching my older brother play this game and I thought it was the coolest thing ever. When I came across it on here I ordered it right away for my brothers Christmas gift!
NIP, Perfect condition and was crazy fast! I'm enjoying the game ^~^ Thank you !
Really fun first person shooter. 15 minitues into the game and I allready have 3 vigors (superpowers) so far this game is flawless
I was expecting an RPG game here. Yet this game didn't pass with flying colors. I had a hard time understanding this game. The delivery experience was great though.
I have this game and only beat Castlevania 2.  It is not worth playing because there is nothing to unlock.  So don't buy it unless you like bad unmodern graphics.
Most overrated game in history, how can a game with xbox 360 graphics get goty this sets gaming back 5 years. buggy, bad graphics and terribly boring story.
Sweet game that can get you in shape, but it might call you and your family and friends obese, woops lol better start working out tubbies
the game it self is ok. the game was scratch free and case was in good condition
We finished the Lego Harry Potter years 1-4, so is the natural progression to get years 5-7. Love to play this game.
the story in this game is so good i will be picking up every mass effect game from here on out.
I spent for many fun hours with this game
What a waste. Sold it after a couple weeks I got so bored. Botched attempt. I'll never pre order a game again without waiting for reviews.
too hard could not progess in game ai is hyper sensitve and can hear and see you anywhere ruining your gameplay the real theif is eidos well never buy their crap again
The game did not work! I was upset.
Great game. Awesome single player, long lasting gameplay. Highly recommend
This game was a ton of fun!! Highly recommend if you like "Tomb raider type" games! Brand new game, factory sealed. Recieved game super fast as well :)
Anyone can use this. It's a blast with Mario Kart. Hopefully more games are coming for it. Smart move, Nintendo!!!
Wow great graphics and story. Great game and product that will keep you glued to the game. With superb actors cast in this game I highly recommend this game
The left analog stick has a dead spot, which makes it literally unusable for many games. Super annoying.
This game sucks so bad. Play Banjo-Kazooie or Banjo-Tooie and tell me that this game isn't absolute garbage. Banjo-Kazooie is an adventure/collecting game not a HORRIBLE car building mess like this.
Very disappointing game. I would give it zero stars and I was a huge fan of Skyrim and Oblivion. Can't believe this is what I waited so long for.....
One of the most rewarding gaming experiences I've enjoyed. Great story, challenging game play.
Well this product is a cool idea, but the workout are sort of hard to do on the XBOX and the kinect does not always count all the reps, I sold the game.
Kids loved the DS versions, but this one was poorly made and frustrating to play. Very disappointed with the game.
This game did not work. Damaged disk.
Obviously this is Battlefield we're talking about, I bought it because I like the Battlefield Games, Quite a good game so far.
This was very easy to download.  It works great and my son is thrilled with the game.  The price was better than others too.  Would definitely recommend.
my daughter loves this game.  she lost one of them and I immediately bought her a replacement.  plays it more than all the others.
I hope PS4 makes a sword art online vr game asap!!!!
One of the worst tom clancy games ever released. Second only to the division. garbage money grab of a game. DO NOT BUY
Horrible game for adults, it's not Marvel Super Heroes 3.  No hit detection whatsoever.  Would be great for a younger crowd.More Reviews At: [...]
I love the game Who Wants to be a Millionaire? is a very cool game to play I haven't gotten to the million dollar question. still trying.  but it is fun for all ages
Along side kingdom hearts this game is one of the great rpg's, EXTREMELY LONG story mode and very big map that just adds on so much enjoyment to this master piece!
I love this game. It has everything  a Gundam fan wanted for a gundam game. Only if it has english ver.
Late nigh it right!  This game has dating and club scene that is out of this world!
Awesome game trash console. The HDMI port busted on me after lite use. Customer support is useless and way to inconvenient.
I should have tried the free trial before buying it, but since I liked other Playrix  games I got it.  Mistake.  Do Not Recommend.
The game had potential but instead is more frustrating than fun.  I bought it cheap so it's not a total loss of money since I can sell it for most of the money back.
I got very very bored with this game after about 12 hours
as a christian myself im thinking this game be about moses,abraham,jesus  walking the parted sea, proving abraham loyalty,jesus healing  but non-what-so-ever  even for kiddy game it should been more interesting.the developers need to read their bibles more.
Destroyable environment is the only decent thing is this game.  The gameplay itself sucks.
This game was a sinch to beat,its boring and it doesn't deserve to be rated.  Thats all I have to say.
Amazing game! It's like Dark Souls, but with brighter colors. 10/10 for me.
This was a present for my son who loves golf and disc golf.  Nice that they added disc golf to the game.
Dragon age 1 was a greate game this one...
thiis is a great game to play the whole family plays it some day we will beat it maybe but love it
Well,let's just say I can't play it...cause the dude for the freaking game still apparently owns it cause I can't use the key!
I'm a souls fan and everytime a new game comes out its hard not to throw my money at it! So I am definitely happy with this purchase! Praise the Sun!
I bought this for my grandson as a replacement for an older broken game disc. Halo is one of the greatest games ever!He got all of them in the series.
Took longer than promised to arrive, and the game case had scrapes on the back.
secret of mana 2 doesn't exsist, this game is a fake.
Love this game, and did I get hooked! I be up all hours of the night playing.
1.arrived super fast.....awesome.2.great game weird story tough, but fun all the way.3 great grafics, sound&voiceover, awesome control.4.worth buying.
I love this game came in perfect condition looked brand new super fun to play just wish I could beat my boyfriend!
Played Saga Frontier many hours. Had to have Saga Frontier. Great game. Glad I had the Strategy guide to go with it.
used it for 1 night and already have issues with button presses not registering. Serious flaw for a serious gamer.Again the adage finds truth "you get what you pay for"
Just bought and installed the game, can't even play 1 minute of the game, constantly getting error messages , Blizzard are f..ing clowns. ... Don't buy this game !!!
Momma said I'm hooked on this game! My brother likes it so much he's buying one to!
The game just too hard! I don't have the time invest in this game. Good thing it was free!
i love this game just like the megaman x games from when i was a child so this helps bring back those great memories
Despite what people says about this being the worst FIFA it's actually quite the opposite, once you enter the game with an open mind you shall see that it's a very cool game
my kid played the game for 5 min only, it is not fun. if you want to try it just rent it
This game is literally unplayable with its controls.
Dull gameplay, derivative characters, unimaginative story.
This game was not too hard, not too easy.  Just the way I like them. A little creepy at times too.  In general a nice, fun game.
great set of games for a crazy low price
I love the graphics on this game. I love it cause it has several games that I can play. I definately can't get bored with this one. It be a day of fun.
Replaced a lost game. Always a favorite.
Sonys ps4 new controller blows this "one" out on the water. Try it for yourself. If your a true gamer respect yourself and not buy xbox one after what they pulled at this years E3
He just loves the Lego Wii games. Got him the Batman game, and he played it ad infinitim. Got this, now he's addicted to Indiana Jones and "cowboys."
This game forces your to play the battlefield(& I hate Battlefield) if you just want a military shooter. COD is turning into a horrible version of Titanfall.
It's one of the best old school fighters for the Wii.  Also one of the only decent fighters for the Wii ;)Great controlsVery accurate gameplayJust great fun.
This is by far the worst dissapointment of the year, this game been in development for 8 years and game is horrible all around, 100 dollar is not worth it, maybe 10 bucks.
I don't believe that graphics alone make a game but this game literally looks so bad it made my eyes nurt.
gameplay is buggy and it freezes a lot I wish I had just gotten a next gen console and gotten this for it
This amiibo is a perfect use for games for Nintendo Switch, Nintendo 3DS and Nintendo Wii U.
Paying for stuff that could of been in the game at launch for free.
Awesome Charging system a must have if your a xbox 360 gamer!
Fun game... but then I love these hide and seek games.
Stopped working after a month. Lag between button press and game movement.
There are much better games out there for PC. Kind of crude, but at least it is a open world platform.
Makes playing 2 player PS1/2 games easier on the computer. Thanks for this
This game is lame...I didn't even finish playing it.  It was annoying.  Do not  waste your time or your money.
bla. it's not very good and the gameplay combos are almost exactly the same as spiderman 1 on the ps1. plus it's soooooooooo soooooooooo soooooooooo soooooooooo hard
my son really like this action pack game, god of war was the bomb, great game, and story was wild.
Awesome open world gameplay,with tons of exciting missions,an interesting main storyline,memorable characters,great graphics and nice music. Overall,if you love Western movies,then you will enjoy this game. Highly recommended!
It was not a good remake and I'd rather play the original then the remake. Overall, I rate this game 1/5.
arrived in like new condition and fast. my daughter is a big fan of the tangled movie so i bought her the game.
Real Deal mouse at a great price. You just can't beat this quality especially at such an affordable price. Now I can game without limitations!
I tried using the game on the PS1 and PS2, and neither worked. This game is a lightscribe disc, and looks to be mass produced by someone.
You are not told that if you are missing just one thing on your computer that can't handle this game-guess what you can't play it without upgrading your computer-
never played it I only watch it now cus it'd tv 14 wresting no jeff hardy in the game suck it
Not a great game. The open world is nice, but the graphics suck and the story is weak. I was dissapointed
Snagged when it was on sale for $40.  Best bang for the buck.  This game is like Skyrim but with guns.
This game is not all that great. The game is very glitchy.
If you grew up playing an N64 then you know how much fun this game is. It is a must in any N64 library!
This is a great game for any 3ds owner that likes/loves Jpop. This is a super cute, enjoyable game even for those who aren't good at rhythm games (such as myself).
this is a great game, it's hard as hell but that is what part of the appeal isdon't expect an easy game, but expect a great game
Arrived fairly quickly and was packaged and wrapped quite nicely. Play the game with my dad all the time and it works great. Got a great deal for thid fine product. Would recommend to anyone.
I love this game! Could be game of the year!
This guys really thinks they will make money out of this game..... On apple is $1 and on androids most of angry birds games are FREE....lmaoo this is so stupid
Really fun game. The mecha and pilot combat is superb. Wish it had an offline bot mode, but otherwise flawless.
Excellent product... great game play thrilling campaigns...
Don't waste your money on this poor excuse for a console port. Since no code-optimizations have been done, the game looks terrible but requires a powerful system to run. Its not worth it.
Good cut scenes, but that's where it stops-the game play is slow and and that type you would remember from games of the 80's-no speed and the weapons are poor.  Don't bother.
Dll error keeps on happening its not letting me download the game whats going on!!!
Could not get this  game to work on Windows 10
The game has nothing to offer. The races are boring and you get nothing out of the game play. Trash trash trash trash TRASH!!
my kids love playing this game very addictive i must admit i love playing with them.....
Everyone loves to play this game of Wall-E on the Xbox 360.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants it.
Fluent sprite based combat allows for far more combo potential than most 3D offerings. It's an amazing game that gets overlooked. I picked it up for $15 and I couldn't be happier.
Do yourself a favor and buy a N64 and buy the original Perfect Dark and pretend this game does not exist.
It's old and it sucks just play the real thing its way more entertaining than this game so save your money
what can I say, it's just like the old game.  BORING after 10 minutes!Don't buy it.
Boring. I hate stealth games in which you are forced to hide because otherwise they spot you and kill you. Long live Doom!
this is a good game but i thought there would be more characters.  do not get me wrong this is fun.
Somehow this game feels like a giant step backward.
Excellent game. Just started playing it, but from what I have seen so far it will provide from hours of fun. I would recommend it.
Boring game. I hate da guy on the cover, he looks so scary staring at me like that. The game sucks tho. 1/55
Two great games from ps3 now on ps4 this dose work on ps4 in usa
This is a really fun adventure game for the Wii!! It is fun for all ages!
I really recomend this game. It's a very good story that will take you with Lara. It's a fresh start for the franchise.
great game and it works perfectly. Thank you
two points to cover. 1 story mode useless don't bother kinda like the socom games. 2 online mode fantastic im not much of a fps type of guy but this game got addicting
Gets old after, what, two days? Needs to have more elements from an authentic animal crossing game for it to have replay value.
I only recieved the game box :( No disc, box was broken.
Best Game ever!!! My brother and I play it all the time and the graphics are mindblowing!!! Its a must buy if you enjoy multiplayer games or if you love fighting games!!!
game play is lacking and puzzles don't make much sense.
This is a awesome game, it is fun and enjoyable to play. The graphics and the gameplay is awesome. this is truley a fun game.
Great Game Should have been the followup to Bioshock as much as I love the second game this was a great improvement
Feels more like a beta then a fully fleshed game.
This game is not good, it was OK. The biggest complain is that it Froze my brand new PS3 three times the same afternoon :(
I love this game. Although I can't say it's up in my favorites it's definitely a good game full of adventure with a nice story line--definitely underrated.
I was looking for this edition so i can try the game with DLC instead of buying every DLC alone
My husband loves this game, this is a replacement disc.  He plays on line with other people on line he know.
Awesome game at the end when you have unlimited power. Buy this game if you love shooters. This game certainly disappoint.
Got it for my Godfather. He was quite grateful and honestly looks like a solid game.
That's all I hear now. Man. Utd all day, Thanks!Loved the packaging. Receipt w/game, secured in bubble wrap, inside of a Durable plastic seal.
This was the worst basketball game I ever played so I not going to review  this game.
Great game. Love it. It's Mario, what else need be said.
It is a great game. You will need a beefy video card.
time card for computer game. this did not last long, lol!!
Installed the connector and it is very difficult to get the games in and out.
I like scary games, this game is great but it is very complicated, they should have made it a coop game.
One of the last Trap master pieces my daughter needed to finish the game.
A good game, comes in perfect state, I will buy more in this store
Another great game in the series! This might very well be my favorite Animal Crossing in the series since the very first!
i had such high hopes of orgins, i reallly wanted to like it i did, but it was flatter then a pancake gameplay wise
Cool game, always online is bs though. No reason single player campaign can't be played offline. Very very annoying!
i like the game is a role play, it gives you the chance to play different characters at once and have a lot of fun!
the game arrived on time early even. But the game didn't work.
This game I like a lot an they should continue it
I think this may be the most ridiculously terrible harvest moon game
This item is priced pretty high. IF you really need both games than buy them separately for about 80 bucks. So if 40 bucks is worth some potions to you go for it.
This game is freaken hard! Its incredibly addicting but if you're going to have a hard time, then prepare to spend time on this.
well~quite buggy, but graphic quality is better than previous games
The game arrived as described by seller in great condition. No problems with it. The grandkids can't stop playing!! Great game.
You want a real good football game, NCAA Football 2004. Madden has great graphics and extras but the game feels to arcady to me. Obviously my opinion differs from the rest of you.
After what EAs done to me with Mass Effect on PC and SPORE, I guess I cant see any game from EA as being good anymore.
I enjoy most PS3 games, even the not so great ones have certain interesting elements, on the other hand this game is boring and just, OK.
Exquisite game screen, the game difficulty a bit big, is money a good game.
Purchased this for my daughter who is a huge hockey fan. She loves the game.
product received in good condition and on timeI chose the product for the price and the game is seekingI liked his wine in good ciondiciones enpaque although it was usedthank you very much
It was amazing getting this game looking like it's brand new!
I'm not a big fan of these because when it comes to playing the more involved games the controllers are slightly too sensative.
dont purchase after the release of the next expansion this game will no longer save your progress on the destiny servers people that still have this game are stupid because they won't let you know
This game is everything you could have hoped for 10 out of 10, should buy
Reminds me of the Donkey Kong game available on the Super Nintendo. Fun game and easy to play for someone who isn't a huge gamer.
Nephew loves his game console and plays on it constantly.
Ahahaha i knew this game was going to suck Dont know what the hype was all about. The trailer sucked too
Our family loves Pop Cap games.  This one is great!
Gears of war one of my favorite games I own all of the gears of war games but 2 and 3 are the best it's a must have for your collection
Received the game before the expected delivery date. Great fun for all ages! (UNLESS you don't want your young ones having a guitar battle with satan).
Is one of my favorite games. When I first started playing it, it was doing good. Then it kept freezing and I had to return it.
Game works perfectly. I can relive my childhood memories in a whole new fashion. For anyone who has never grown up with battlefront this game is a most buy. Every penny well spent.
I love the DOA series. I could easily play this for 2hrs in a sitting. One of the nicer looking 3DS games as well, 3D on or off.
feels like I was playing a game back on my old xbox
The game was just ehhh.  I beat it pretty fast and resold it online a few days later.  It's not terrible, but it's not great either.
I thought this game would be fun,but, like I said, I must of done something wrong in downloading the game.!
Best game on Dreamcast, and my all-time favorite fighting game.  Replay value is excellent, gameplay is just fantastic.
when you want to play games online but don't need a year or three months and on a pinch this is the way to go
It works but the game is Terrible and not next gen at all.  Activision and Bungie ruined my opinion of videogames forever last game I will ever buy and you can take that to the bank.
It's great , though there is one button hard to press , I think I'm gonna buy more , it's way easier to handle & lighter than the game pad .
this is a great game. Have had much fun and use out of it. needs more expansion to keep me interested
this game is atrocious, and WWE should be embarrassed for letting EA Sports put their name on it.I feel like I would of have been more excited taking the 50 bucks and lighting it on fire.
This game picks up where the first left off,  the story is good and flows the weapons are good and action great.  My only wish is that the game was longer!
Worth buying if your a fan of the movies and the animatrix series. But wished they had a HD reboot of this game with path of neo. Regardless still a good game.
My PS2 couldn't play nor read the game.
This game is complete crap compared to D1 & D2. I'm extremely disappointed with blizzard and will think twice about buying their games next time.
Bad graphics, awful and boring story, frustrating and repetitive gameplay. I enjoyed the original. I thought it was a good but not great game. However, this sequel is a bad game.
Genji is a fantastic game, pros: grafics, sound, History line. cons: no too fun, some repetitive. but overall is a greates games for PS2.
Best game ever made according to my son.
I have every total war game.  this one is a bust.  the battles are dumbed down & the tech tree is just a mess.  put a fork in it, and throw it out.
Great game real similar to animal crossing but some things are harder to accoplish like the whole marriage thing.
eh, just a so-so game. incredible graphics, but not that great of a driving game. save your greenbacks and buy another game.
I have played all of the Nancy Drew PC games, and this is one of the better ones. Others have given great reviews already, so I won't bore you with more.
Awesome as heck game, easily the best on the Wii. I know that the Xbox or PS will never have a game that matches this genre, so may as well enjoy the Nintendo franchise!
It's Halo so naturally it's fun. It's a good addition to any game library.
The original game wasn't bad.  This game was simply a mess.  The game tried to do too much without being good in any possible way.
It sucks plain and simple.  Save your money and go buy X-COM.  Or flush it down the toilet which would be more satisfying than this turd of a game.
No use buying it now, Sony killed the game off with the Combat Upgrade. It was so much better before, but these clowns have taken a great game and just hacked it all apart.
The EA servers are completely offline for this classic PC game, so it is virtually useless now :(
Fun game. Great graphics. Too bad M$ and Turn 10 want to pick my pocket after the purchase.  This is a MAJOR step back for Forza. BOOOO!
Awesome game my son loves it he is 6 years old
This game wasn't fun at all. No two player modeThe graphics aren't bad but not great.I have played worse games but this one is up there
Bought it, played it for a couple of hours and left it there for ages to come. A really boring, repetitive game with no storytelling whatsoever. I really didn't like it at all.
my son loves playing this game he stays on it for hours at the time. he loves his video games
Sanic 06 is the best game of the centuries you should play sanic 0666 its awesome.the only good thing about this game is the music and glitches
Expands on the gameplay in almost every way, although the drilling mechanic is slightly different in order to allow for puzzle elements. Excellent timewaster.
If you like the Uncharted games! You will love this game. Quality game, fun to play. Just as good as the first game. I like where they are taking this series.
BIGGEST WASTE OF TIME EVER!!!Months and months of game play and you never get what you want on top of a 15$ monthly fee.
This add on to the wonderfully superb SWAP Force game gives you ninja like abilities and you will find yourself wondering at night why you cannot swap your significant other like you can SWAP Force figures.
I still haven't been able to download this game.
I have no complaints on this game it is fun and my son loves to play it. the first level was alittle advanced for him but once past it he has been completing missions and having a blast.
This is a boring game. The gameplay was losted with this title and there is a waste of money at the end.I bought this game for $30.00 and selling finished at $7.00
Kids love it... Must be a great game as our kids (6-9) don't stop playing it!
If you're a fantasy fan like me, this is the game you can't miss. Simply epic. I've finished Skyrim years ago, this one is for collection.
This is fun for the family and my kids love it. They like the lego characters better than the original game.
Not sure if its my guitar or the cable but every fret is off and it makes the game unplayable.
This is one of the best games ever made for the N64 console.It will always be a reminder of my younger years and my kids love it.
simply junk this has to be the worst game ever produced it was hyped big time by Microsoft but it's just another crappy call of duty
I enjoyed this game and never needed to cheat. The puzzles were fun and you never had to cook anything. The german characters were enjoyable. They reminded me of my grandparents.
Other games done what this tried to do better.  Very subpar graphics and animation quality that would have been bad even on the previous gen keep this game from even being a 2 star filler title.
My gamer says he can get more clicks a second than ever before with this mouse
game came in perfect condition, no mark or scratches, game works perfectly, cover is great, can see the title and the pikachu.
One of the top 10 games of the year definitely worth your money and if you played any of the other games on the series I must have
This is a great little game for Pokmon fans and aspiring artists/cartoonists alike.
This game was so much fun. The classic cars the fight in the race. On road or off road. It was a crazy blast.
Long boring game,just like Skyrim a complete waste of time and money!!
Boring match 3 puzzle game. Bought it just to ship some add on items I needed.
Very simple game and hours of entertainment. Be careful where you shoot in the end.
This game is kinda boring in my opinion.
Game was as described. It arrived quickly and I had no issues with the seller. This game is pretty fun to play, just think GTA meets COD
This star raiding has nothing to do with the game being bad.  The disc I ordered had a cracked center so it doesn't play properly.
This game is not even suitable to be a demo!
Got this system for Christmas and it was worth it the games on it are so much fun.
Really fun game! a must have for kids and adults.
Awesome game. Has an assassins creed/god of war/elder scrolls feel but does it in its own way. I would highly recommend this game A++++++++++
I am sure I would have liked the games but the disk is defective and would not install.  It was very disappointing.  This is the second time I was asked to review this.
man if you buy this wack game something is wrong with you mentally. i want to write capcom a hate letter for this game. i don't know what they were thinking makin this crap!
game arrived good, works, all of that
I grew up on Zelda so this was my favorite game I love it
Honestly, I like the other games better. AC3 is great on story lines and graphics, but the game play is seriously flawed.
The control of this game is awful. Graphics are average, sound below average and did i mention the horrible contols? Pass on this one and find a better FPS there are several out there.
Love this game!  I bought this copy off Amazon for my son.  Two years later and it's still my go to game.
This game was fun, but was too short, had no trophies, too few weapons! A rental at best or wait till it gets under $10!
The game was in great condition when it arrived and there were no issues when playing the game.
The menu could be a little more user friendly but overall the game play is a lot of fun.
Great game. The Middle Earth equivalent of Star Wars Battlefront.
one of the best games in the resident evil series. the add on of the dlc is the best part of the gold edition
I tried loading this game but it wouldn't update or load up I have no idea what the deal is
I do not know what else to say other than "AWFUL"!!! This/ these game/ games is/ are garbage!!!! Sorry, but it's the truth!
The game works great and is a ton of fun thank you for the great game;)
The protector for the game pad on the wii u looks great and is easy to put on.
Please don't support this constant destroying of our games. NOA needs to be overhauled completely. This has to stop.
If i told you this wasn't a violent game i would be lieing but it is One of the best games ever
I tried to play this game.. but it really makes no sense..this is the first game that I bought without trying it first. I won't do that again
Marvelous game. very good for younger children. Good video game gift for them
great game. needs to have a remake made on the 360 like the first game did. if you haven't played it i ask "what the heck is wrong with you?"
Great mouse for mmo players or any other pc gamer for that matter.  I have wanted a razer for a long time now and it was well worth the wait, I am very satisfied.
Mario is Missing is the worst Mario game on the face of Earth.Nintendo shouldn't have given Software Toolworks the Mario license.Mario is Missing is a horrible crummy educational game that isn't really educational.
One of the best games that I've played in years. Will absolutely buy a prequel or sequel if they decide to make one.
My 5 yr grand daughter played this game with the help of older girls and wanted the game but since Christmas has played very little.  Very realistic and hard for young children.
its a bad game with an original concept. use cards and points to battle foes. the cards come to life similar to baten kaitos, and phantasy star online 3
I like the games of war when you play online is one of the best experience ever feel I recomended this games always excelent graphics, excelent sound, excelent game... one of the best
The graphics on this game make it look real and have you feel like you are sitting ring side at a game
Found it boring. Didn't feel up to par with most other PS3 kid games
I love Naruto and this game is awesome!
quite possibly one of the worst games i have played
I play this old childhood game with my 3 year old son so great product. Very happy with the out come
A horrible game that features all the top stars of the defunct company and no ring whatsoever.
My sister loved these games. A fun game.
boring repetitive gameplay.  you fly circles around a dark space background shooting at other ships.  I stopped playing after a half hour.
EA ruined Battlefront.  The graphics, sound, and feel of Star Wars are spot on.  Super realistic visuals and game space.  Gameplay was horrible.
waste of money. If you have the 1st and 3rd game this is unecessary
I love being a turtle!  This is the best game to hit the market since Peanuts and Pies!Can't wait to see the Red Sox be in last place again!
This is a great 2d fighting game, the controls remind me a bit of Marvel vs Capcom. Simple, easy fighter. I just wish the characters weren't so talkative.
I did not like this game. Something about it just didn't feel fun.I think it might have been the fact that out of all the bizarre characters, you can only play two of them...
they work as intended but are not compatible with lots of games
Not working for my ps2. Which runs other games, just not this one.So yeah.
This game is by far the worst in the whole COD franchise. It has no substance and it's basically tailored for campers. Do yourself a favor and skip over this one it is horrible.
This game is adorable and very fun to play for people of all ages. I would suggest it to people who love games and want something with a slower pace.
Terrible game....I don't care if it was free, don't bother. The only good thing about it was the fast shipping. Activision should be ashamed of themselves for releasing this garbage.
Pros:+ Great story+ Smooth, great gameplay+ Easy stealth+ Amazing graphics+ Soundtrack+ 2 full games in 1 disc ! Provides PLENTY of fun gameplayCons:Can't think of any !
The best controller out there in my honest opinion.  Works great with just about every Steam game I have that has native controller support.
A very bland game with an imitation Bravely Default art style. This is by far one of the most boring games I have played in years.
Sadly I couldn't get into this game. I'm sure it's great, but I didn't last more than an hour maybe. Something about it just wasn't my style.
Best soundtrack I've ever heard. Story line is great so far " I'm 5 hr in"  Do Not listen to morons comparing this game to gta 5. Action/ rpg game  I recommend '
My son loves this game and I had no problems with the order exactly how it was describe no scratches defenatly will buy from this seller again. Thanks
This is a really good game. Some of the rounds are actually really tough. Worth the money.
Very average game, even for PSP it was not well designed in comparison to the console version.  Dissapointed.
This game was my favorite when it originally released and it was just as fun to play all these years later.
This games is ok in general, but the picture quality isn't very good. The ability to change the configuration is good, but not very good at all.
works and is one of the best games of all time.
The new skill system was confusing and didn't really go into detail whatsoever. There was no set tutorial and the early game was terrible.
A great group game.  Like Trivial Pursuit but a faster paced game. Fun for all ages.
I dislike giving anything 1 star but this game is terrible. With the marketing I expected so much more. The script, graphics and gameplay leave a lot to be desired.
I bought this game for my nephew for his birthday and he loves it, my sister say's he hardly ever plays anything else.
Love it! It came on time and had no damages to its casing. My son--hopefully--will love this game when he opens it up Christmas morning! :)
I've been a Yoshi fan since I was young and I have always loved his games! Yoshi's Island is a great and fun game to have! Trust me
Thought I was buying the game with cdkey. Im dumb haha. Ended up buying the bundle on blizzard website.
What a shock that they decided to quit supporting this game.  I was having a blast playing it and wish it was still widely in use today as I'd still be playing it.
Primitive game, not good enough to keep in the oldies-butgoodies stack.
Didn't know they were making PS1 games on the PS4. I expected more and stop playing it.
This is a fun game!  Keeps you thinking, and on your toes!  If you like Wheel of Fortune, you'll love playing it in your homeroom!
Played this one a few times and got bored with it. Really a better game for kids. We are 50+ and didn't really get into any of the games on this one.
Good game. Lots of variety and nastalgia.
this game is good but stuck on a mission
My husband loves hunting games. It's a really fun game.
I was unsure about the reviews but it was a great game racing shooting phone magic
Apparently you can't play epic games anymore on pc because of windows 8, so installing this classic was a waste of my time.
i think this is the pu305 type usb game pad controller.. it works from win2k, xp and above.
I love the game although I wish the costumes for the girls were more revealing *wink wink*. The game is fun.
Awesome game and value! I got it the day it came out and it included a free digital download, so I got Pikman 3 also, and both are great games.
I'm a big halo fan but the halo reach way too short and finishing was horrible nothing special ,allover i'm not amazed with this game but should played if you are a halo fan.
When the enemy can sit on a cliff face and can't be killed, that's when I gave up on this game.
Not the seller fault but this game sucks.
A neat foray into 3D on the main series (do note that this generation was not the first 3D pokemon games). It arrived in great condition and I look forward to completing the game
Great Game great series cant say any more than that unless you do not like these games, then it may not be for you but hey not every game is!
I really wanted to play this game because of the review now i cant because my computer said it has a virus very sad but thank you amazon people
The game got here really fast and in excellent condition!  My two oldest granddaughters love this game, especially the music.
bought the season pass because borderlands 2 is a fantastic game! i prefer the online game codes since they're so easy to use. was not disappointed.
Not the best game for the price. Nice cover art though.
Great game, and great take on the Castlevania series!
game is not complet the game exe is not digitally signed no publisher no certifikat for the exe thats not good so has been manipulatedsome things failed in game :( sorry but its the truth
The Story of this game is soo boring. This game is nothing like final fantasy, bad job Square Enix. Plus Nintendo 3ds has horrible graphics
Still one of the best games on ps2 in my opinion.
Every Socom game seems to get a little better than the last, and this was no exception, it keeps you hooked.
My least favorite assassin creed game and this was with all the patches and updated included when I played it.
Have to purchase time online to play game monthly fee too costly for me and game was not useable offline.
Awesome game with a huge map and so many things to do.  I completed all the missions and beat the game, but exploring the island is the most fun.
this game has a lot of really good reviews but I don't think mortal kombat should be a 3d game and the chacters have very little moves get injustice or mk9 instead
not a steam game and could not work it on windows 7  shame i'll just use it on xp pc now
Enjoyable game to play with kids.Loved the dog, my grandsonliked to make him go to bed andeat.
Dated graphics and no updates make for a low-price game. You get what you pay for.
Great game for the kids at a great price.  Daughters love this.  Download was easy.
It doesnt explain that some games u have to download that is suppose to come on it and some games u have to have a xbox 360 account on ur xbox one in order to play it
I barely started playing this game and Im not impressed so far. I only spent like 10-20 minuets with the game so far though.
Better than Tree of Tranquility. More adventure based gameplay than the previous Harvest Moon. A lot more to do and be busy with. Highly recommended.
My daughter says everything is great about this game but she wishes it was longer.
So so game. Get regular FIFA game not the worldcup edition
Awesome game but really short. Was pretty scary at times. Nice VR experience with lots of cool effects but not much real gameplay.
Soo many amiibo; they're so cute! I've only used them a few times with games; but none the less they're fun to collect!
I waited until all the services were up to write this review but this game is horrible both on and offline
The TV show is good, This game sucks.
This game would be a lot better if it were campatible with the PS3 Wireless Les Paul controller that comes with the Guitar hero 3 game.  Very Disappointing.
Amazing game filled with packed action in one disc. Thrill that'll make you want more. The story and adventure is all great.besides good price/packaging/&delivery. A 10/10
I find the game to boring for older kids and it takes to long to play for younger kids. I would not recommend this game!
I've had no problems at all with the game, plats very well, like it, love it, thank you very much!
I purchased this product after having 1602 for so long.  It's a great game and I am pleased that I purchased it.
i read somewhere that is like playing a ps2 game with cleaner graphics. this is the best description i can give this game.there is nothing new. nothing memorable. nothing unique. it is a waste.
A really neat and hard to find game that is different from the usual
The best video game western by far. Can we move on? Is redemption possible? Red Dead had an excellent story and excellent characters.
The original, and very fun. Many of the features were well thought out and implemented very well. Lots of clipping, but that is the case with most games it seems.
Bought one because of Super Mario Maker and the new Zelda. So far Super Mario 3D World has been a very fun game, especially if you play multiplayer.
Personally I think this game isn't as good as it could be, I'd suggest buying Mortal Kombat instead really.g!
Love this game it has everything you want in a shooter game.
Nothing new same boring game. The lag compensation is also horrible right now.
This game I bought for my boyfriend. A The loves video games so I guess it must be very good. In general arrived at the indicated time and well packaged, I have no complaints.
Like incomplete games? Well this one is for you champ!
I bought this game to play on my laptop, I have had many hours of fun playing it, no problems.If you liked the pc game series Fate, you will like this game.
One of those "So bad it's good" Type games.
game play nothing like description it suggested something totally different from what it actually is game has very poor control
Excellent for transporting the PSP and some games, does not consume much space, plus protects the PSP from damage when to go walking or traveling with the psp.
These games are always fun but this game looks great on top of it. Not that the other Uncharteds didn't, but this one looks even better.
Great game and quick shipping though be aware of software newer PC do have problems running this game but there are fixes.
I grabbed this right when I saw it was 45 dollars! 70% off! Great game too!
My Nephew loves these FIFA games. 2015 version is MUCH better than the 2014 version.
Balls-mazing.  Probably my favorite A/C game in terms of control and difficulty level.  And I've beaten them all :)
It sucked. I threw it away after playing it for an hour. This game really suck.
This so-called halo-killer was sad in comparison. Lame graphics, pathetic story, & characters no one cared about. Worst game Ever.
Awesome game, already have like 200 hours.
It arrives faster than expected. This is a really cool game and it has amazing graphics.
nothing very original about this game- killing undead adrift at sea.  I played it through though.
I can not play the disk version of this game. the graphic resolution is worse than bad. I think this game is too old to play on my system.
After coming from Fight Night Champion's down to this game it seemed too outdated
I didn't care too much for this Res Evil game. I prefer RE6
Works exactly as I remember and accepts all my old PS2 games. I also love how small and compact it is. That Makes it easy to hide.
This is NOT the full Metal Gear Solid V game. I am very disappointed that this demo is actually being sold.
I bought this game afew days ago. Its a great game. I recommend
Son got for Christmas. It goes with His other games. He tells me what game he wants. It goes with rest of the ones he has.
Madden games are a waste of money.I just don't understand why people are suckers into buying the same game year after year!  Don't waste your money with a game like this.
pefect game old of course had to keep trying it over and over but works as expected and would buy more!!
love the game i played it and love it great game beat itand was playing it again need to clean it so i can use it i love this game
No prequels, no space battles, crappy online customization, not enough maps, offline is a joke, the game lacs content and isn't very fun.
I am going to keep it simple, I am crying right now.This game is too short. DO NOT WASTE you 50$It took me and my roommate 3 hrs to beat.:( my money WASTED
Excellent game! Everything is top notch. Graphics are outstanding and the combat is so much fun!
well these games are my sons favorite and he loves everything sonic hen was so happy to see these in the mail.
This is the best game I ever played!
Is this a demo??? I don't know what they were thinking.  Where is the rest of the game??  Don't buy this game.
I did not actually get the game that was shown. I got a much cheaper lego game in the case for Lego Jurrassic world.
Recommend it to those looking for a more complex game compared to Overwatch.
The controls killed this game. Never finished due to that.
Bought this game because my cousin told me it was good and boy was he wrong.  The premise is good, but the game is terrible.  Save your money on this one.
I have been playing computer games for many years and, enjoyed other "Call of Duty" games.The "Black Ops" edition came up short to the expectation.
This game would be more fun on a PC and would probably be able to offer more entertaining tasks.
meh, kinda sucks, boring characters and gameplay. Big fan of the movie, but the game was not fun, more like a waste of time. I could be playing better games :-p
My sister was always enamoured with Final Fantasy products but the games were mostly for ps2 and we only have a ps3. It was awesome when we heard they remastered this one and she absolutely loves it.
The more we play, the more we like it. There really are a lot of puzzles and games here. Appropraite for everyone.
Your game arrived early, thank you!!! My son loves YO-KAI games.  It was a surprise for him.
Very fun for being an older game. One of the good classics for the DS. I love this game. Very good.
Flying a Helicopter around and saving people never seemed any fun to me. It would have been better if it was a car game I think.
unable to play the game due to it freezing on one  episode so Iam not able to play the game past a certain point
Is it Worth Picking Up? Find out my thoughts on the game here:[...]
Gun works alright, but nunchuck slot doesn't do jack.  When games require a nunchuck and you attach it to the back of the gun, it doesn't register, which renders the gun useless.
Good game for the kids. Great for those still learning to read and spell.
One of the best fishing games I have ever played.  Very fun with the Wii controllers.
Seller was great but i didn't like the game
The game does not come with help on the game disk.
This is NOT downloadable game!!!! You get a code in the mail and HAVE TO PLAY IT THROUGH Steam...on a team, no solo play whatsoever. NOT what I expected. BEWARE!
Awesome game with tons of stuff to do and places to explore. No hand-holding, getting lost in the world and the time flies.
This game is not much fun at all at least not for me. Try it though you might like it.
-no tutorial-prisoners don't follow your instructions-hard to make money-hard to move aroundSo unless you are an expert at learning things that have no instructions and have lots of patience, do not buy this game!!!!!
I installed the game but could not play it. It said I needed to register the game but there seem to be no way to register online, like the site was no more.
Do not buy this games. So much bug and glitches. Game is garbage. Even with all the updates still a total failure.
My son loves the entire Spyro game.  I played with him a few times and as long as he is enjoying it, I do to.  Well worth it!!
Really enjoyed this, like that choices affect the game. Wish it were more developed, but that's buying and trying the game years after it was released.
This is another over-hyped game from EA that is all hype and DRM. Don't waste your money.
Game was delivered damaged :(The game itself is good for a PS2 game however its been years since I've played it and do not know how it would compare to expectations of games now.
I never play horror games before  i have to try it out man  this game is freaking awesome it's  scary  i can't wait the evil within 2 comes out my first horror game
Very boring game. Looked promising but the driving is terrible and you're constantly hacking people for their change here and there. Nothing exciting after an hour of gameplay.
nintendo please stop with the bad games, and make battlefield 4 for 3ds!omg omg this is soooooooooo boringi played it for like 10 minutes and i want to vomitbuyer alert
One needs this to fully get the most out of the game. A must for the Nintendo 64. Great purchase
I've thought with the reviews that this game has I'll be a fine game, but is not. Poor design, terrible sound, NOT fun. I don't recommend this game at all.
Can't say what the game would have been like the one I received wouldn't load , one of the files on the DVD was corrupted and kept crashing the install after 20 minutes ......
This game was much more entertaining in it's time. I bought it a while ago played it for 5 minutes then NEVER touched it again...
Was delivered within a few days of being ordered. Worked great out the box, I did not have to clean the connectors or anything (which I found is an issue with used n64 games)
you cant pick up any weapons and their is hardly any commentary and you don't see the wrestlers come out, all you see is their picture. I would avoid this game.
The best hack'n'slash game out there. Satirical, brilliantly crass, and the Japan Import aspect only adds the the allure.
The visuals are crap, the game play is linear, and the sound needs major improvement. Over all, it just sucks.
Not as good as the other Call of Duty games, but I still like it... All the Call of Duty RULE...
Quick time games need to be over already.They should  have made the option to skip dialog.The graphics are good.game play is non-existentDo not buy for more than 15 to 20.
The Civ series is excellent and Civ V is no exception. The game activates on Steam too, extremely convenient. 5 stars no doubt.
Biggest let down and botched game launch in gaming history.  Trade in city on this garbage.
Overall the game is Okay. There is too much story and not enough play. Litterally, 75% of you time is spent clicking through conversations. I lost interest in about an hour.
good condition, got what i payed for no scratches on the game comes with devil may cry demo to .
There is no sound. Graphics is very very bad. This game is too old to be played.
greatest ps1 game hands down. as I write this I cant image how Nintendo's games sell for 3x times the amount of ps1 ps2 games n don't hold a candle to gems like this one
Nothing like reliving your childhood memories like breaking out the sega and playing all the old games you use to like this classic!
This game is better on PC. NO one talks on console and its mostly kids playing that don't understand the game.
What few people know is that you can play CDs on a PS1. This is a great system to own, most of the ps1 games, you use the directional buttons, not the analog stick.
best racing game ever, was the start of Fast and Furious times
It came brand new and everything but when I plugged it in it didn't even work in the game console
not a very good game not much fun at all
Fits great thumbs fit so nicely onto the stick. make your aiming much better in FPS games like Call of Duty
this game is two hard for younger kid to navigate , and it is a little hard for them to understand how to play it. But the graphic are good.
not bad if you can rent it, but I would not recommend to buy as these games gets old quick
Wii U is much better, because you have more options on the gamepad during gameplay. Much better graphics in my opinion too.
You die often in this game. That would be fine if the loading screens between deaths weren't so slow. It was unbearable for me, so I sold it.
why would anyone pay $1,000 for a 8GB white Wii U when you can get a new 32GB model with 3 games from Best Buy for $299.99
fun game wanted to replay it, surprisingly you can still get in matches online I played a bit of co-op today and had fun.
It's no Tenkaichi. This game is played on a, for the most part, two dimensional plane, the gameplay is sluggish and plodding just as with the previous two games.
fianc loves the game and plays it all the time
The game crashes my machine when I try to play.  Considering that I can not play this game at all, I consider this to be a complete failure!
One of the few games I own ( and i have 100+ between PS2, PS3, PS4, XBox) that I only played for a few hours and put it down for something else.
Super funny game. A little raunchy but hilarious all the while. May not be appropriate for younger kids. The story is fun to play yet predictable.
Great game, though the timeline can be a bit confusing as this basically happens after Black Flag, and before AC3.If you loved Black Flag, you'll LOVE Rogue.
Me and my 5 year old daughter both love it, fun team game.
This game isn't very much fun.  Doesn't allow you to view game until you go thru certain parts first.  It doesnt see the wand very well either.  Game was poorly made.
The graphics, game play, game world you play in is incredible & unique! Buy it new & you receive a code to download the prequel to Alice: The Madness Returns.
this is what i feared when i bought the wii console is crap for games and so i was correct just youtube the game play and you will know what i am talking about
Crysis 2 was a much better game,this game lost my interest in the first 15 min,this is one of those games that just does not flow without a lot thinking
Happy I bought this game one of the reason why I purchased xbox.
Such a great game! A necessity for all Wii owners.  I bout this game specifically for the Tank game! It is great!
My 7 & 9 yr old love this game!
this is terrible game never play this lol I regret playing this though I do have it in case other people want to see it and what its like very bad game never buy lol
One quarter a game for twice the price!Is really a new low for EA.  Yeah the graphics are nice but how hard is it to get one thing right when you are selling a demo?
This is a wonderfully recommended game for those who enjoy Spider Man movies, cartoons and other games.  This is one of the favorites that we own!
the balls on these people must weigh a ton each because they're literally charging people tripple A title money for an incomplete indie game built on hype and false promises and to that i have great respect for
Item was not as described. I ordered the "redesigned" gamecube version and received a classic n64 style stick.
I bought this just to see something different in the game arena.  The game itself is ok but once you go through the campaign you will find the multiplayer maps aren't being played by many gamers.
not a great game it has no map and i get lost all the time, ill give it 3 stars for the graphics they are quite good
Nothing wrong with being a game for kids, but I was looking for something a little more adult and challenging. Tough to find on the Wii system.
great game, very fun average price for all new games only problem would be online matchmaking isent very good but its not the game that would be the  network i guess
I have the entire evil dead set thanks to this purchase. fun games, silly but yet interesting and sometimes difficult areas to get thru. great buy.
This game is for serious race gamers being that it is so detailed. Great graphics and awesome boards
Great game, one of the best local couch co-op on the wii-u right now. Tracks are fun, good visuals recommend pro controllers to go with it.
Fun game. Brand new. No problems and it shipped quickly.
Next to sonic the hedgehog, the new one.. this is the worst games I've ever played in my entire life.
The order was fast but the game was a horrible port
Horrible game loading problem bad graphics very boring not what I expected
HUge fan of Final Fantasy,,,,I love the game cover it looks really cute
Waste of time.  Lousy graphics and does not save on xbox. Even Gearbox could not help with save problem. Did not save even after updating game on xbox live.
Terribly boring. I have almost every next gen game out for both consoles and this rates the worst thus far for me, sad. I really wanted to like it.
Short and not sweet, this game is bullsh*t!
Amazon.com does not provide the product codes for Legendary (or any game for that matter) and the one I received was invalid on purchase.
Awsome loved it came with free games cool controller recommend to anyone and it's AWSOME and you can Cary it with its handle(:
If you like South Park you will like this game. Also when your done playing this game go buy South Park: The Fractured but Whole.
Not Square Enix's finest outing nor the best Final Fantasy game, far from it. I regret having bought it and the season pass for it. I have long since sold the game.
Terrible graphics. game play is dry and not so interesting. Call of Duty Advance Warfare is this years best Video game!
Way too much is required of you, I really don't have time for these open world games. I wish there was a 3rd person option.
Nowhere does it say you need to but additional items to even play the game.You need the Skylanders Portal of Power plus a character or character set to activate the characters in the game.
This game is horrible. Do not waste your money.
Seriously everyone else has already said it. One pro is the graphics and honestly that's about it. I'm glad I rented it and did not buy this game.
This item is ok. It didn't come with the extra stylus as advertised. The DS has to be literally forced out. Its only to be used as a game case thats it.
Didnt even come to my house bad shipping watch game play and saw it was good but never could play
excellent game, my daughters do not stop playing and always get hidden parts with which fun solving
great game and it works perfectly. Thank you
this game is raw. it's 1 of the best ps2 games out there if you like gundam or mech games then this is a must buy.
This has games for everyone on it!!  Some are really addicting!  The music is great along with the screen images.I highly recommend it - keeps the mind busy.
Adds a lot of fun new features! Great game play, fun new items and places to explore! Its very addicting.
horrible graphics,lousy controls, you can find a better game online that is free! don't waste your money!
Badass game, I'm stuck on a level, I hate to cheat, still working on getting past it.
These 2 games will offer hours of great gameplay.  I have enjoyed them very much.  Great graphics and better load time than PS2, plus you can add your own soundtrack!!! GREAT!!!
probably the only game that will keep my psv out of the box, seriously, this game is so good that I have been playing it for months and never get tired of it.
I have the guitar and drums, but it seems that the game did not detect them well because every time you try to touch it descordinan buttons.
Beautifully graphic game wish it comet o xbox one and ps4 backward compatibility .. I would highly recommend it
the game is terrible ill be sure to sample a game before buying lesson learned!
This game was a lot of fun for console, but PC play was lame.  If you disagree with this you can buy mine.
Great gran turismo game so far. Have not played a ton though.
My wife and I (in late 50s) were disappointed in this game and found it rather boring. There are better games out there to get exercise to.
not bad, just the cover is dirty and old, inside is fine. l already finished the game, very good game.
the game was not as i expected rather lackluster and boring and the murder on the oriental express was faulty and wouldn't even play so i felt cheated.
Horrible repetitive content, hacked story, and it looks like major parts of the game were cut to repackage as DLC. No not purchase this.
Awesome game and really like the extras. Well worth it.
Has a lot of bugs in the game. The game would freeze.
Ducktales is  awesome the cartoon in this game is the  icing on the cake love it a must have if u no bout this cartoon then u are going to enjoy this game
Worst game ever!! you buy this you will return it in a week. Get call of duty instead!!the graphics are laughable and the multiplayer experience is so buggying i turned it off.
Does not have the games I'm looking for.
Worst game I've ever seen or played. Do. Not. Buy.
sorry the Crewnot to muchand the game play not so good
So we bought a vintage SNES with no yellowing and six games for under 100.00 and so far so good!  Super fun retro gaming at its finest!
Boring game, poor graphics, blah, nothing like the original FarCry game, nothing good to say about it.Look elsewhere for fun.
this is a pity game for the genre. complete desaponted. tenchu for the ps still the king of the hill.
I have played this game on the DS and now on the 3DS. i Highly recommend it to everyone if you don't play it you are missing out !
Should have been game of the year, could not have been more happy with my purchase thank you square enix keep them coming!
I did not like this product.  The words are always off from the game the microphone doesn't work well.
this is the first pokemon game that I've actually purchasedI have played original ones back in the day on pc emulators, so this is not the first time playing itmega evolution ruined it for it
I HATE IT! Broken L button, no games work on it, could not use it. i am returning it
this game is not worth buying your just wasting your money on it not worth all the hype the game was getting.
Gun broke and game is not the best sensor wise when it comes to shooting.
Thank you Nintendo for being groundbreaking and innovative in so many ways, even if your games are more juvenile and sucky than the XBox, PS3, or PC's.
This game looks weird without Mario. Besides your doing what wario allways does. Stealing treasure. I bet this will be hard.
This is awesome game. classic in today's standard.
This game is terrible its a crap stain and your better if you just forget it exists lol the lines are terrible and its so cheesy
This game runs at 720p on xbox one, what a joke right? But don't worry, The ps4 Runs at 1080p so you are safe :DThank me later
It keep on giving my psp a blank screen.i would not recommend this to anyone because it is a used game
this was a great deal, it was listed as used but was actually new. if you see the price of this game new than you know i got a deal!
All three of my boys fight over using this. It works great on the old game cube console games. Definitely needed since the old controllers are broken from overuse.
No John Price price from Call of duty, only little kid characters. It also doesn't have ezio from assassin creedOhhh and whenever you get disconnected from a game you have to wait 10mins.
Very addictive game, one of the best role playing games I've ever played.
This is game is horrible I don't like anything about it it's the 3rd game I played and yet still is s*** I wasted money and time on this piece of crap
Aweful. Nothing but a cash drain.  This could have been a good game but it isn't
Such a crushing disappointment on every level.What has been done to the aliens franchise with this game is a crime.
Dont even know where to start with this one. Really bad game, bad game play and bad graphics, not worth your time
The original Assassin's Creed, with updated visuals. What's not to love? As others have stated, this game does get repetitive after a while, but I still think it's awesome.
Downloaded with no issues, was able to play just fine, love multiplayer, best game ever of its genre, i would recommend it highly.
I will always love DMC... this game was maybe the last one before the old collection was complete it. Thanks
Really fun game for the adventure/puzzle gamer. Classic Nintendo visuals and Luigi's character mesh for a really unique experience. I recommend this game.
Bad story terrible gameplay and horrible graphcs and full of clichs
Bough this for my nephew and he really enjoys this game.
there is no instruction on how to play game its the worst .next time I will stick to Microsoft zoo tycoon
This game sucks, seriously what was Nintendo thinking?
Do not play this game, it is terrible!
I was very disappointed the last game was one of my favorites
Game of the year Best game I ever played
story started off good then got weak. Controls don't work like they should overall not pleased with this game.
This Wii was not in good condition and it did not have the two games with it which was very disappointing. I sent it back.
What was considered one of the best FPS games is now a COD clone.... Tragic
Sonic is like the new "pac man" He does all types of stuff in the game which makes it interesting. Kids will love this game. Beautiful colors and it keeps you interested.
Excellent! We all love this game. Have so much fun. Very good graphics and sound.
Very slow-paced game.  Because there is no way to save your progress it continually returns you to the starting point with no ability to circumvent the cut scenes.
Don't know yet my game did not work it was different version that did not work in my system -but i will let you know when i get a new copy
This Video game and it guide book are great for the price and value. I will recommend it to action fans out there with PS3 and XBOX 360.
Doesn't play many other 'ds' games as stated in item description.Expensive mistake by this grandmother...Disappointed/frustrated 9-yr-old.
The story mode is freakin horrible, and Create a Skater mode is so crappy. The graphics are good, but the game itself sucks.
Absolutely love this game no matter the way you play it!
I really don't know how you can rate or judge stuff packs since they don't add much but only items to the game.
My son loves the game.  Actually got him interested in reading the books so that is always a good thing.
This game is a lot of fun even though many levels are a bit easy. Yoshi rules and finding all of the secrets give it a new twist from SM3.
Couldn't get game to do what it is suppose do it. Used hints and it still doesn't work.
This game is very choppy but that is typical for a gameboy game, I wish they would make a updated version for the pc or 3ds
advertises 3 games.  Only 1 delivered.  BS.  Will NOT BUY
A very intence game with hardcore fighting, if you liked the 1st Battlestations, you will love this one.
great buy overall but the boxing seems to recognize only 1 out of three punches that are thrown. other than that a great game.
sucked game was not as described either i wouldn't buy this game again
The Xbox One is great. It's a well built console that will not disappoint. I play multiplayer quite often and Titanfall is a great game to play with friends. I definitely recommend this item.
This game is extremely well-made and has provided me literally hundreds of hours of exciting gameplay. The story is really fun to advance through, but roaming around is just as fun.
Since every 5 star review is one sentence I won't put in any effort either.By far the most underwhelming Mario game I've ever played.
Met my expectations. The game (visuals) itself hasn't aged well though, so beware before buying.
I ordered this game and got destroy all humans for the PS2?!?
The game doesn't even work properly, plus it's a no go for me until they add in some more fun characters like Yun, Sakura, Sagat, and Q
I brought this game for my Grandson, he love it.
Was a wonderful gift for a teenage boy.  He loves playing this game
This game you must have in your collection instead Mario you be Wario  trying to save the princess from an evil genie.
Not the best assassins creed game ever and surely not the worst ... But I had very mixed feelings about this game and couldn't sit myself down to play through this mess completely.
I still don't understand why people like this game. No moral standards, profane, racial stereotypes, demeaning to women.... I just don't get it.
I'll expected more, but your playable and your graphics are no good. The history yes, is very good, but no the another things from this game.
My grandson plays this on his play station three and loves it. He has several flying games and spends hours enjoying them.
Its like being in a 1998 aquarium screen saver.  Poor graphics and uninteresting game play.  Yes it is relaxing.  So you can play it to put you to sleep.
Such a waste of time and money. DRM is the biggest rip off game developers can do to paying customers.
was the wrong cd it was a monopoly game for a computer instead of a ps2 game but other than that i love the game
Not worth 60 dollars, wait awhile it will be cheaper as people dump tho game in a month.
They were fake and didn't link up very well for gameplay. Very low and tons if stufmtter but they are definitely not real pps3 controllers
Fun game but limited replay value, becomes repetitive after a while. also no new content updates in over a year.
This game is horrible if makes cybertron adventures on wii look awesome its nothing like xbox or ps3 wanna play this rent it on xbox or ps3 and go to friends house with the console
I love it, is one of the best shooter games than i've played in my life.Love the slow shoots :3 100% recommended
Boring gameplay plus bad controls. Its cheap for a reason. I get tired of it after fifteen minutes. Pay for a REAL game instead.
I was unable to complete the game because I forgot to read one in-game text message. The game is very poorly designed and is by all means broken.
truly horrible flying sequence. truly awful mine field sequence. trial by death is not fun. this game is not good.
The game is incredible, it has good graphics, it has good effects, and it is perfect to play and enjoy it
Great game over all, fun and really like the story in the game. Cant wait for the next one!
Have played lots of these types of games this is not worth your money.
It really was not the kind of game I was waiting for been a game from Square-Enix.
Good thor game. Your typical platformer with rpg elements. Story goes far away from the movie but in a good way.
dont care for game play. sold it after a week .dont get the boring repeating story.
This game was highly enjoyable. I purchased this item because it was created by Sonic Team. I loved the story, the animated, and playing the game just for the fun of it.
I only logged 13 hrs of gameplay and never touched it since..
I purchased this game for my 10 yr old son and he loves it.
This game truly sucks, I hate gams that show action on the cover but when you play the game it's about as fun as a grass growing contest.  This game truly sucks hard, avoid.
this game was great game i like it i think you to
This game was pretty boring unless you really love hunting for the hidden objects. Everything else was too simple and any story was meaningless.
Kids asked for this for birthday and they love the game was a good price and free shipping so who can complain
i played all game the 2k.. but this game its perfect, i don't know what spect of the future whit the nba video game.. i love this game
Best Madden yet. Keep up the good work, EA. The gameplay is finally very realistic, although the commentary is often ridiculously out of sync with actual events onscreen.
Solid game! The controls are excellent and game play is pretty close to real life. First touches are little different but overall another great game.
Bought this since it was cheap and liked Star Wars. Its OK for those who like Flight Simulators or FPS types of games but just did not strike my fancy.
Well yet again is another game sold that would not save due to corruption issues. Not mentioning this in your selling guide is really low so other people beware.
I have played SMNC and MNC. SMNC is just a marketing game. If you want a better similer game then play Monday Night Combat.
Great gift or game to play for any ages.  There is little violence or vulgar language
Wanted something like pharoh but i guess i was dreaming cause this game is nothing like it. Never again will i think something could come close to it.
Ok, I got on of these things for my game boy and guess what? It sucked the juice out of my battities that i used in my gameboy.
Horrible controls, very slow paced, poor monster pacing, frequent freezing and quest line line problems, the game seemed rushed.
The game I got skips and has very little gameplay. I would look around for something else if you are deciding on a new game.
for the price is good but Isn't a good game for have a nice experience in the PS3! not recomended...
Games does not save, deletes all the progress, is an obvious fake is messed up cant play game looks glitchy
The best Madden game of all time OH YEAH.  A true Madden player should own this one because its close to perfect.
I bought this game from another retailer it works with vista. It has too many commands you have to learn just from reading the owners manual.
I miss the old days when the game had a 75cap and played on 360.
My granddaughter loves Mario. She will sit for hours playing the Nintendo game. It is a good game for a seven year old
Concept of this game is nice , but I got bored ! There's no spice to it !
Fun  game to add to the Nintendo 3DS XL game collection.  My son loved this game and it was not too complicated to learn and play.
They ruined the Battlefront series with this game. Don't bother.
Great game, but did not arrive as promised... Amazon came through for me tho..
Best zombie map, but the rest of the game feels like a hollow over marketed mess. The community around this game (as small as it is) is toxic garbage!
no code key--game useless; no manual.
I can't put this into words. This game is amazing!
Awesome game series and I approve of buying considering it's under 40 dollars. Would recommend to any fan of disgaea
This game is worth all the pennyI love challenging gamesThank you Japan studio!!
I was hoping this was a Steam game, but it was for GoG. Game's great though, love it!
Classic game for Nintendo a little hard but fun from streets to the jungle this game is action packed. ...
Overall these games were good. However some times it was 2 easy 2 over look something or actually get stuck n the game.
Got it to play Overwatch, got free bonus games every month as bonus.
awesome game works fine and didn't come scratched or broken, graphics are good too.
As a Beta tester for the games is was bad. Now the final game is out, it still is bad. Stick with NFS Rivals
A must for your game collector, the Ty series is fun - and not quickly beaten if your gamer aims for 100%. Great shape, my Retro gamer is thrilled with the play!
I got this game long time ago for my son. He really like it so I am going to replace the game for him on his birthday.
When I got this item in the mail I expected a nonviolent game but instead I got the version with Mortal Kombat. DON'T TRUST THE BOX!
Dont listen to this people this game is not that hard and for $10.00......... do it its well worth it
We had Peggle on our computer and so thought we would try it out on the X-box---we love it!  My 10 year old loves the other games as well.
this game was fun and relistic great gameplay and great 2player, everthing was awsome in this game the story mode was fun and the stages are great, awsome game.
Nice strategy game, based on Fire Emblem Saga and the part you can do your own character is just perfect!.
This game does not have any variety. All the missions are the exact same thing.The first assassins creed had a TON of variety and you never got bored.Buy Assassins Creed 1 instead
A very nice console without all the extra frills of the earlier consoles. You'll need the 500GB SATA HDD and HDD sleeve in order to play some PS3 games.
i loved this game ever since i was like 5 and it was awesome to play it again
Happy with the product, fast delivered. Really good game, perfect if you like awesome cars. The graphics are excellent and the story is just perfect
This the worst racing game ever.  I would never recommend this game to anyone to purchase or to rent anytime.
Wouldn't connect with the main game so basically useless.
Velvet assassin is one of the best games for the 360 . although im not a fan of stealth games this is one of my all time favorite xbox titles. highly recommend!
Don't buy this! This hard drive won't work for any original xbox games, so you can't play them on your 360 because this is not a microsoft item.
I bought this at GameStop because i was bored of call of duty ghosts. Let me tell you this game is stupid, all you do is play as a pink blob and do a story
Haven't had any problems.  I actually used this charger for a game boy SP. Got the sp for $10 from gamestop without the charger, so this made it an even sweeter deal
The silliest game in the world when they bring you to the ground. WWE 2k is gonna be way better.
The Assassin's Creed game had been stolen from the box. User had said he opened the box to look only. Liar. He stole the game from it and then sold it full price.
The price was awesome, I just love the sales that make your children happy. The game is addicting and these guys get cuter each time.
September 2015 -  The game works flawlessly and is amazing from start to forever. I went on and got the expansion as well. Terrific game. Blizzard has overcome its launch failure.
Great game! My son loves playing it with me!
A hack'n'slash game that is arguably better than Devil May Cry.The gameplay is very challenging and deep, many may not like it.If you're a hardcore gamer, this is the title for you!
Its a good lego game very fun fore the young and old gamers if you have kids you and them can play it to gather
This game got poor reviews, which is sad because it's a blast to play! I'll plug it in and just play it for hours.
Warning this game does not have the needed CD key in about half of it packages due to poor quality control. Don't buy
Will keep this review and every other review of this game at 1 star until the bugs are fixed. I cannot complete the game, quests will not complete and cut-scenes will not activate.
Great graphics,  1st NBA game I have owned,  and I love it! Games a blast to play with family and Friends.
The video game quality is bad, during play STOPED - BEGIN - STOPED - BEGIN.I paid for a videogame expensive and I didn't't like it.
I got a new game, plus the cool collectibles all for around $40, best deal ever.
I am a great fan of Kirby, but I enjoy using controls to move him along in his adventures as opposed to drawing him through the game on the touch pad.
It is a bad game.  No need to go into detail, it's just a bad game.
A great classic  Be ready for a challenge and get an SNES and the SNES gameboy color converter!Brings this oldie and goodie to life on yo TV!!
Awesome game and done really well for the xbox platform.  Now if I can only make it all of the way through it on nightmare.
Great game.  not as easy to control on xbox as a pc but still good.
It does not let you know what you are supposed to do and there are no hint buttons for help. The graphics are okay, but the game is not worth the money
I never really got into skate board games but I keep trying them to see if I can find the fun that others do but I am never able to find the fun in them.
great product works great came in real handy on being able to play the game well and added more fun to the game
I'm 21 and the Monster Hunter series is one of top 5 favorite games ever.
Graphics aint that great. functions don't work like they should overall a poorly made game.
I was surprised its actually a very fun game and has a decent story to it along with the combat it doesn't get to boring unless you play it nonstop.
This is only a hidden object game it should not be under adventure game. No story line hate it. don't buy it
I'm addicted to the game it's awesome and I love the little palico pin that come with it
Great for playing wii  and retro games love using this
This game was the contra game for gameboy it same like the original game but different levels and different weapons.
game works good in windows 8.1 with downloaded patch.
IT IS OK. The boss is almost impossible to beat so you will have a hard time beating the game. The older ones were a lot better.
I purchased this game for my nephew as a birthday gift and he simply loved it.  He is a big Mario Brothers fan so this game was perfect for him.
Great game from what it was reviewed for and seller gave exactly what was expected.
Didn't give me the games I expected to see and play.
bethesda software company sure know how to make good games.  this is another good effort next to elder scroll 5 but different style game. must buy!!
This is a very dissapointing system. Slow loading, Bad graphics, and terrible games. But it has a good controller.
I was somewhat disappointed because it didn't have the spanish voices but it is  a great game with awesome plot!
Graphics on this game is so bad, it beats the GTA 4 like PS2 graphics. Rent it first before you buy a copy.
If you own a 360 you have to buy this game!!! This is one of the best game that I have ever played take a chance you won't be disapointed..
Badass game! COD is awesome, but this is much more fun. Its really realistic without taking itself too seriously. Much less stressful than COD.
My son has really gotten into this game but he is a harry potter fan and eight years old. Its cool
Alice.....Aloy went down the rabbit hole and did not disappoint. graphics and gameplay amazing, great storyline too.
This is a great game and add on for the price.  It feels quite comfortable when shooting and moving around.  Hopefully, more games will make use of it.
Love the ballistics, shoot a guy and he freakin falls down, unlike Modern Warfare whatever, shoot 20 times and the guys just stand there and kill you.  Get this game!
Too easy, not pretty, bad voice acting; is this really a Metal Gear game?
My youngest son love these games and this keeps him busy..Lol
The missions are great and the xbox live play makes this game soar over all wanna be plane games, must have if you like flyin'.
Favorite game of all time.  Own it for PS2, PS3, and now PS4. One of the great stories of our time.
A perfect game just what I expected, not disappointed at all, traps when you start playing100% recommendedthank you very much for everything
Guess I'm old school when it comes to these games, I didn't realize I had to get the rock star guitar to be able to play it. and man are those guitars expensive!
faulty cable, didn't properly display video but i could hear the gamecube booting up.doesnt work. don't buy.
Great game and a good price. No complaints.
game was said to be in good condition, it was in awful condition.
Has problems reading all game discs and would suggest not getting one from here, highly disappointed.
Oblivion is an amazing game but is still way to unstable and freezes up all the time for no reason.  Fallout 3 is virtually unplayable due to this same problem.  Play the pc version instead.
The game looks nice visually but gameplay, controls,  and the mechanics are horrible.
I don't and won't support this business model. The industry can stop this idea if we (gamers) do not support them.
what can i say is probably one  of the best tales ever told in video game history. Hopefully MGS5 is as good
Mic was good, but eventually people started hearing the game noises I could hear, treated it with care. Overall didn't really like the product but you get what you pay for.
Purchased for my son.... he buys and trades and sells so  many games thefirst choice is always AMAZON.  Game was in good condition and as described.
As a huge fan of Luigi, I had to buy a physical copy of this game rather then getting it as DLC.
real hard - a good game for a crash player or a person who collects the crash games. this one is chalange - wow good for all ages
This game is boring,the story doesn't make a lot of sense. After some hours of play I got bored and haven't touch the game again. Very disappointed with this purchase
This is probably one of the most disappointing games to come out in a long time. You can see from all the reviews the problems this game has. Avoid until Blizzard does the right thing.
Got this to have some decent games to play on PC and try something other than console gaming.
I have to say, this is one of the most played games in my collection, and it  has the best graphics out of my entire collection. Looking forward to picking up Revelations!
Really love the mario game, the wii U is TONS of fun, I am always playing with my family. Couldn't ask for better.
Nothing special. Just buy a old game at a bigger discount.
Bought this game for Christmas and because PSN was down over Christmas, the game wouldn't even launch. There's no way it should have required online access for what is largely an offline experience!
Gore, glory kills and silky smooth controls, completely updated and refreshed monsters brings the game firmly into the next-gen realm.Snap maps are awesome, and the multiplayer is pretty seamless and lag free
Kids love it play with on the down time from being outside.  The game play is fun and story is a good one.
never able to successfully load this game -- all it does is black out my screen and I have to re boot my system to move ==
Scam, you need to buy extra dlcs in order to play most of the game. don't get fooled by its cheap price
This game is only for multi players that can link up and play against each other
Not long enough could have been longer as the game is very short & brief, it could have been a bit harder as I found it quite easy still enjoyable though
Control is absolutely horrible.  I do surf and have for 15+ years.  The control on this game makes it worthless in my opinion....
I do not even bother with game that do not have controller support......So I never even played this game....tried but couldn't.
one of the best vehicle I ever used for the game
Didn't work for my game console or tv.
First level: easy as cakeSecound level: mild challenge of aiThird level: instant impossible modeYour told to protect the baseI lostYou can go after char.... I lostScrew this stupid game
My son loves Skylanders of any kind and wants them all.Haven't found a skylander yet that isn't fun to play with, in and out of the game!We would recommend.
My wife and I have played video games since about, well when did "Space Invaders" come out, about 1975 and Borderd Lands 1 & 2 and all the add-ons have been fun.
Great price and the shipping was fast. I use this to play PC games and it works great.
Horrific, just terrible boring gameplay, tons of backtracking, bad characters.
great final fantasy game and a piece of gaming history must have for all fans and collectorsgreat final fantasy game and a piece of gaming history must have for all fans and collectors
I prefer to play a flight sim game that has me in the cockpit, like the old Janes WWII fighters.  This is a poor representation.
Is for my brother. He's 7 years old and he simply love this game. Is entertaining and harmless which is good for kids.
Not a good game. Bad graphics and doesn't use the Wii U controller properly. I returned this immediately after 2 hours of playing.
Everything arrived on time as promised no problems and one of my favorite games ever.
Very fast shipping, great game, really enjoy playing it.
Probably one of the worst games I have ever played and paid full price for it...loved Heavy Rain...such a let down
Great game. Definite buy for any gaming system. Its a great workout and it was reasonably priced for being a rather older edition.
The roster is nice. Just the entire game itself is absolutely garbage and unplayable.
This is my favorite horror thriller by far. Nothing quite as freaky as the unknown while stranded in space. It's an old game but it holds up.
To slow meaning story. Just not into spending hours trying to learn the action keys. They have taken a video game and tried to make a pc game.
another great game for the little ones.something new that will keep their attention for a long time
The tests get stupid harder & fasterMaking it impossible to enjoyThis game sucksDont waste your money
This game still use P2P for mutiplayer, are you kidding me??????
pefect game old of course had to keep trying it over and over but works as expected and would buy more!!
this game does not save.  it also doesn't work half the time i try to play it.  it freezes in the menu screen.
It was good. I like to play this game with my boyfriend. um. I got this copy for my boyfriend.
This game is awesome! and i love the fact that i can play with my girl!! BUT I THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO BE LARGER!! even thou wesker is THOUGH!!
This game sucks!!! It's only online!!! Nintendo you can do better!!!!! Waste of $60.  It takes forever to respond and they make you feel bad when you lose.
great game, works just fine,and it was shipped faster than i had ever expected,the price was one of the best I had found anywhere,the return policy is so easy itis tops.
Overpowered mobs, underpowered you - that's this game in its entirety. It was made to be played in groups I guess, but the experience completely aggregates and is overly frustrating.
Our six year old son loves anything and everything LEGO. This was a recent addition to his collection of LEGO games.
Vendor sent this item very fast. I recommend him. The game is not that good for 4 years old kids. Its sucks.I don't recommend the game but I recommend the vendor.
this 3 pack  was freezing up on 2 of the games & only 1 of the games you could play all the way to the end.
A wonderful gamecube controller. The only real choice for a lasting controller, and the 3m cord is an excellent boon. If you're a smasher, there really isn't any other choice.
I stay away from games that need to be "patched"were the develperstoo lazy to fix the in the first palce or what?>
Another waste of a game title for the PS4. Just wait for the new Gran Turismo or any NFS title for that matter.
Can't finish the game it's stuck in middle of the level
Really neat addition to the series. I am very glad they brought it back and then added this game. Hooray!
Feels like I played this in the past prototype other games feel just like this waiting for something different to be released
Not worth the download.I've downloaded the game 4 times and still it won't install correctly.I finally gave in and just bought the disk.
nice digital game and loving the quality of the games thanks for great product.
I bought this and found myself like pretty much everybody else, bored. It has a couple nice qualities but the game is pretty slow and kind of hard to play.
Very very very very very slow start but please stay with the game. It gets soooo much better once the story progresses. The wait will be soooo worth it.
Heavy profanity with no way to filter.  The game could be a 4-5 star otherwise.
Terrible game!! The guns sound ridiculous and what's with all the futuristic junk?!?!?
best online game for any system. great graphics, amazing sound, and wonderful gameplay.
The game works good it's just one of those cheap games the kids don't really ever play after the first time.
This online game is the best. The online game go more faster. I can't wait for the Phantasy Star Universty come over for the PS2 in 2/6/2006.
These game makers are killing me.  The games are too hard and when you smash a controller into the ground it breaks.  I'm not impressed.
Call on the Pokemon in this game it's possible
This game DOES NOT have COOP Multiplayer On-line!!!  This was the only reason we bought NHL14 !!!  What a crock!
It keep on giving my psp a blank screen.i would not recommend this to anyone because it is a used game
So many hours will be sunk into this game! Perfect Gift!
this game is much like the mahjong myteries,boring,not at all challenging. it would be nice if the squares were a little bigger.
Nice game ( Like new ) and great price !
Great game for the DS! Played a lot of Intellivision growin up. It's great to play the old vanes again! Nicely done!
Not a big fan of this game, the graphics aren't so great and the gameplay gets rather boring.
Cheap in price.y son sidmt play worn he think hwa too old for this game
Good story and good graphics, scenes are very good and the story continues clearing doubts about the previous game, I recommend it to everyone who likes adventures
It was my mistake I guess, but this game is for the first Xbox, so it is kind of too old. I wish they would have the same one for the new Xbox.
I got this game for my son. After installing, my son only played it once and he said it's boring! So he never play it again.
Really enjoy this game and the patches for it are timely and relevant. Collectors edition was worth it for the neat gear
trying to fight a gatlin gun while the enemys keep respawning that is cheating whats the point how do you move forward game sucks
Fun game to play with the kids!  Each character is different and unlocks new features on the game.  Great Buy!
great game! me and my bro can play this game all day.
This game came into the mail on time and everybody has a lot of fun with the game.  There are no glitches in the game and in good condition, thank you.
This game will suddenly ask you to hit a button.  You have about one second, then you die.  Your map is also kind of lousy.
My son ordered this for his computer. He likes the game in other forms on the xbox 360 and Wii. He really likes this form of the game too.
Great game! I love the 3d feature of it and I love the changes that have taken place between this version and the Animal Crossing:Wild World version for the regular DS.
Really video game, all the parts were there and everything worked just fine will tell all my friends to buy.
It was a fun game, I beat it....a good sequel to the reboot
This is another over-hyped game from EA that is all hype and DRM. Don't waste your money.
Fun game, lots of cars, lots of tracks, and the customization is amazing!  There is lots of replay value too!
This game is terrible.  I should have known that going in since PC is worse than console in every way.
The game was not working when I got it. The game itself is good.
Really not impressed with this game, to start it freezes often on launch.
same old madden. more lies from the league leader, everything is new we fixed the game that never gets fixed yeah right glad I didn't spend a penny on this so called game
Fun shooter zombie game and it comes with 2 games
DVD just sits and says validating install.  Never goes beyond that to install the game.  Tried 4 times.May Relic rot in hell along with any other game dev that uses bulls*** DRM like this.
not a good game loaded slow swing hard to do
Loaded the game but cannot play it. Keeps coming up error in social club
The cars slide around turns no matter what you do even at highway speeds. Forza is so much more realistic. This game sucks.
Boring. This is basically just a puzzle game with the same puzzle again and again.
I'm glad that I finally bought this classic game for the PSP. I've heard that this game was a lot of fun so I decided to check it out and the reviews were right.
This is a nice addition to my Vita game collection.  The gameplay is good and includes many great characters.  Worthwhile purchase!
Can't comment on game bought for a relative
Such a good game and i was very impressed with the art on the steelbook case. Very nice
I love this game it is so fun thank you so much for coming fast.
I did not like the game a lot because of the open world
Can;t use it by itself - has to be used in conjunction with the WiiU pad which means you can't do time trials on a WiiU Mario Kart 8 game.
Did you play Def Jam fight for NY?That was a fighting game... I tought that this one was going in the same way but ooh deception.Not recomended at all!
This game will be forgotten when C.O.D comes out and i hate C.O.D!!No story same missions over and over again And PvP sucks ten years my butt!
The game that spins "1000 monkeys on typewriters reproducing Shakespeare" on it's head.
The best star wars game I have ever played!
Three of the best games to release for PS3 in one concise collection for the PS4 And for $20. What are you waiting for?? Stop reading this and buy it!
Interesting game to come from SE. Enjoy.
Great game and very adaptable game play easy learning curve.
The gold really adds a nice touch and allows me to game it in style! I would defiantly recommend this to anyone who doesn't want another full black controller.
I recomend buying this game for any of the other systems you may own.  The Wii controls are a disaster and you'll find yourself flailing your arms and not getting anything accomplished.I call this a pass.
Boring and the levels are dumb!Every walk around collect game was better than this one!!! Seriously don't waste your time or money
I didn't see any info that this game is online Team play only & no single player Mode. I'm going to ask for a refund.
SSF IV on PS3 is a great fighting game... SF IV was lackluster but this one is beast. You got to get it, dawg... You'll feel really good inside.
The game has a few fun points but overall the fun-ness wears off fast. It gets really old really fast doing the same stupid quests over and over.
I love this game, I played the original avidly - and this game just enhances and adds on to my previous experiences :D Definitely buy this product if you're a PSP owner.
A lot of fun. Excellent adventure. So much to see and do. And infinitely mod-able. I highly recommend this game.
this game is like wii sports resort just a few more games it is fun and lets you play  and beat have some family and friend fun
4 player co-op! LAN support! 100's of hours of fun and hilarious fps co-op content! This game is a must have! Not for children though
Can't make my son any happier than when a new Battlefied game comes out.
There is an undeniable charm to the game but the repetition and annoying audio really distracts from it
I give this game 0 stars.  The worst game I've ever played. Don't waste you're money.  I will stick to Alawar games from, now on.
Defective game does not function not work properly no picture, not as described by Seller. Refund pending
nice game and really it was a good collected
One of the worst Street Fighters graphics the  roster is very short the game has server problems
The levels and graphics all look nice haven't played too much but its been great like and lego games
Would give this 5 stars if it didn't have such terrible connection issues, I have very good Internet and I still get dropped from games constantly
We never could get into this game. Perhaps it's time to try again, but it just seemed like they made the moves so difficult it became less a fun game and more .... work.
Ouch!!! I've played Ps2 games with better graphics and game play than this, and this is a Ps4 game!!!
This didn't work my game console, but it worked on my friends though. That's okay I just keep it anyway.
I played this game with a friend and I think it's the worst zelda game ever ! I NEED ZELDA FOR WII U NOT THIS PERIOD.
this are great games for ps2 but no one should pay over $30 for ps2 games that been out for a long period of time
Masterpiece for a classic Mega Man game I never played these Games before back in the day I was only a kid went Mega Man came out! Worthy having towards your ps4 collection!
great game, had to replace my grandson's lost one... the dog ate it,and he was very upset, so it went a long way to a good day for  him
This game is just boring as hell. The campaign is just shooting and more shooting, and it gets too repetitive. I totally regret buy the digital copy of this game, Complete disappointment.
Fun game what else is there to say.
I hate this item because it keep ruined itself and won't keep games in!!And I rate this because its a used one!!
Bad graphics ruin the entire idea of this game.  It has a great set up, but the idea is not justified by the gameplay.
All the mini-games suck. You will never play it the second time.
The game is fun but a bit buggy.  Very large sand box to play in but very simple AI and limited in what you accomplish.  Still, all in all, good fun.
Greatest socccer/football game to date. I have it on ps4, it's very realistic and much better than fifa
Save your money and go get world of Warcraft. The game is buggy, laggy and has almost no support. It isn't worth the time or money in my opinion,
Im sure all The Witcher lovers would love this game. One of the best games I played.. next to the witcher.
There's better guitar hero games out, this one was only ok. And we love metallica.
Played this game in the arcade at  a Putt Putt before playing the home port. This game deserves a release on the Nintendo e-Shop.
This game was a rip-off.  It has less terrain, less tracks, and less features than DiRT 2.  The graphics are about the same.  Not worth the money, at all.
The game is annoyingly slow. The passing is terrible and often inaccurate. A waste of money. I went back to FIFA 15!
downloads and plays on Xbox one S, yes it does! I was itchin to play this game and i can now.
Great game. Really enjoy it. Might be older game, but the time shifting feature is great.  Recommended.
Bad thing about this game is all the bonus puzzle that you have to do to get to the next level is the same
great game with additional dlc and other mk stuff at the price i got it for it was a good buy
EA games have a tendency to be highly expensive.  They charge you the entire game for updates done to the same game.
Another boring WWE video game nothing has changed just new match types attitude era in this game is horrible  I hope WWE 2K14 is much better save your money go buy gta 4
Couldn't help but get both copies, but regardless, these are much much different than older gen pokemon games, but still worth playing!
This is one of the three Tomb Raider Xbox 360 games I bought for my girlfriend before the new one came out. She played the original on Playstation and she loved all three!
Fun game, great graphics, and solid story make this a must play for any PS3 owner.  There are always good sales on this so find a sale and pick it up.
I have played 3 hours of this game. And I LOVE it!!!! Beautiful and challenging. So much to do and skills to get. Buy it.
Killer soundtrack, Thrilling in game wars, and enough factions to give you multiple play through! just three of the many things this game collection has to offer!
A great game to play with beautiful graphics. The game came in great condition and arrived a few days early.
This game is very different I enjoy the challenges of it very much storyline is great one you could truly enjoy fun in its own way love it.
if you can find one person from EA who has played these games online, then it's worth buying.  the answer is no.  terrible effort from EA.
Game was really good at first it got a lil frustrating but I finally figured some cool moves to beat some of the levels but anyway this is a really fun game and worth the money
Just keeping up with the game.  It does give more vibration, which triggers a greater response.
I was hoping the game would have been rated m and more violent, but when i played it, it too unviolent. Avoid this game!
My kids are hooked.  Very good game.  The free automatic update adds adventure mode and a bunch of new stuff!
Truly incredible game with beautiful graphics and soundtrack.  Creative gameplay will keep you busy for hours & hours.  Must have if you are into Mario-style platformers.
Love it!  One of the most beautiful looking games I've ever played.
Controls are terrible, nothing compared to the PS2 era, or PS1 game its based on for that matter.
Cannot load this game in my hp Vista professional program.
Not a Castlevaina game, just a fighting game with Castlevania charicters.
Great game - lots of fun and the graphics are awesome. I've wanted to get this for a while but it was not affordable - for $20 I grabbed it day 1.
There should have been an online only in the description of this game
Had fun for the game so bought it for my nephew as well
Don't know how to play this game, it comes witha small menu that's not helpful.It has an online menu of 500+ pages.Not as good as Silent Hunter III.
it is so scary. super hard but i like hard games.
Not a big fan of the newer Wolfenstein games.  They've gone a little too far out there for my taste.  Also the game play was a bit predictable and seemed pretty short.
One of the best game I have ever played.
Excellent game. I recommend this game to anyone that likes casual FPS. All "DLC" content is free.
I was never a fan of first person shooting games but I have played all the main RE games this one exceeded my expectations!!
Overpriced. How is a piece of plastic the same price as a AAA ps4 game (Assassin's Creed 4)?I would pay $10 for this and that would be fair.
Stupid stupid stupid game. Maybe an 8 year old would be impressed, but no.
Capcom makes crappy fighting games these days and this s*** is one of the worst! Totally DLC rip-off! They should just stop it!
great game awesome graphs a must buy if u played the first one! great dlc! and the collectors edition is awesome
I hate this game, it has 2 more parts and the story doesn't make sense, it's super hard! and makes you epileptic, because you don't know what to do!!
Best game I have ever played! There is an incredible amount of stuff to do! If you play this game to its fullest you'll love it!!
I can't wait to use it and save games on it. It came in a few hours early in new condition!
My son bought this game for his WiiU and absolutely loves it!
I bought this for my kids and they have enjoyed this game alot. The product is as described and works great. The price was great also. I recommend this to everyone.
This game is complete trash. You'd think in this day and age you'd be able to have a good server so there would be no lag. WROBG
Atleast 40 hours of game play for one play though, rich story telling, great RPG elements, and it looks good too.Seriously if you like RPGs why haven't you bought this yet?
Fantastic game. Of course I'm giving it 5 stars.
the game is awesome. box is bit worn out. game and everything inside is good.
Choosing good or evil doesnt change the fact that this is just another sandbox game
Amazing game and one of the best collectors editions ever.
This game offers hours and hours of fun and excitement for children, adults, gamers AND non-gamers. Well worth any money spent on it.
I did not purchase the game, but my friend has an xbox one and he has ac unity.... he says it's trash and I agree.
Not as good as most of it's successors, but still awesome. I liked the group combat mechanic in this game better than any of its successors variations. Gang Raping demons FTW.
It's really amazing product.I like playing fps games and it helps me so much to play better.Thanks zowie and amazon.com!
If you buy this version......YOU STILL WILL NOT GET THE WHOLE GAME!!!  Total cost for the whole game?  around $260!!!!!!!I hope this saves you money..
This game was not easy to see and very boring
my son loves this game , he can play with it all day i love it he loves it thanks it is a graet game
I was worried that there would be punctures in the case, wither due to shipping or from prior inncidents, but the game came sealed and the disc's case was perfect.
One of the worst games I have ever played!  Avoid!
It was flat out horrible it would stop working five minutes into the game after it was guaranteed to work
I don't like starting off with two  winger planes silly flight game child could plat it.
it took forever to install.The game play is extremely lame and outdated. - not to mention super boring.graphics: well it's like s@ucking farts from your neighbour.
if you're looking for an epic sci fi game this is the game for you. make decisions as commander shepard and save the galaxy
This could be a great game but I will never know as it does not play on Windows 64 bit, at least not mine.
Great game, I enjoy it and item arrived by delivery date.
not my type of sport game it make you think  when players get hurt they go into the locker room & get injected with steroids. This makes football look bad.
Fun game.  I needed something fun to pull me away from Diablo 3.  This is worth it.
very poorly designed system controller has to be recharged constantley games are too hard too complicted not a fun system at all
The book itself is a fantastic read for anyone interested in Batman, and the game is pretty fantastic so far, but it did not come with the batman skin it promised so I'm returning it.
this game is the best halo game and beats every other FPS on the market. it's got great gameplay, fantastic graphics that push the system to the limit and amazing story line.
This game is Civ II meets D&D. Its horrible. One of my five LEAST favorite games.
I was happy with this game, being a HUGE Friends fan. Apparently I need to brush up on my Friends trivia though. Nevertheless, It is a decent game for a good price!
Problems with cursor disappearing and mouse being unresponsive during gameplay. Middle mouse double click problems starting in LESS than SIX months.
Worst midnight club since the first one. I like dub edition way better and its too complicated to drive on the ps3. Don't like it all. I suggest you play the older games.
Great game.. Great story.. Great artStill enjoying it
Imagine SquarEnix trying to do a Monster Hunter game.  Now make it really boring, slow, and chock full of tutorials.
This game is sooooo boring! The kumite mode goes on forever and you don't get anything! The characters are okay and so are the arenas, but they could be a lot better.
Worst game ever. The storyline is amazing with interestint background. The gameplay was terrible. I would run in a straight line then all of s sudden ezio jumps off of the building or ledge.
This game was not good at all I got what I paid for it only had about 5 games and they were not fun.
A great challenging game at a FANTASTIC price!
The 2 stars rating are for the nature of the game play, the game control interfaces are difficult in pc version. seller would deserves a 5 stars rating.
no manual or code key; game useless.
This game is as fun as sliding down a razor blade into a vat of lemon juice....
This is just like the rest of the Bejeweled games.  You can go fast or slow, and you can play for a long time if you want.
only works on few games. none I have.
I played this game when I was a teenage.
this game looked cool and had cool concepts but the map/towns/people seem so lazy and to me, like they just crapped this game out...and whats even worse is the gameplay absolutely horrid
This product is not for all PSP's and doesn't work to put the game on the Television which is what i was hoping for.  what is the point of buying this then?
Game is pretty fun.The DS3 I own, I only buy puzzle games or the ones that have to do with some sort of training.
The game is more chance based than skill based.  I, personally, found it more frustrating than fun.
looks sick the best collectible of any game out. Put it on a wall people that come in your house will be like daaaaaammmmmm.
False advertising ruined the game, setting expectations way over what you find in the actual game.
This is rediculessy hard. I can only see a video wisard beating this game.I bought it for 20 dollars at gamestop what a rip off
SO glad I bought this game!  It's the first game that challenged me with puzzles, of different levels of difficulty. Good story line. Highly recommend!
This is a really nice game and at a great price too.
This game is different for a First Person Shooter...quite a bit different concept that most games, but is too difficult to control.
Product as described.  Fast shipping and delivery.  Very long and enjoyable game.  Excellent graphics and music.
ea doesn't support the game the servers are down
Higher memory then older versions, good for a lot of N64 games.
I didn't really care for this game which is sad because I love Inuyasha.  I much preferred A Feudal Fairy Tale.
Very good program. detaisl on the aircraft and ground scenery is excellent. A great game, to play with that has a lot of realism in it.
This game sucks. They don't even penalize you for saying the wrong things or designing a bad house. It's so boring.
Great first game, we have the Wii version, just wish you could use the classic controller instead of the nunchuck.
One of the best games out there. It is still a great game to play online. Dice step up and fixed many problems and offered a lot of free DLC.
If there is one word to define this game is originality!With a magnificent story and gameplay and stunning graphics, this game is a must for any self-respecting gamer.
my son loves this game and the character pack is awesome!
I cant say anything that has not been said already. This may be game of the year. Love it.
if you want a good lego game go with batman,starwars or harry potter.its a puzzle game but its not good. I bought it becouse I had to not becouse I wantted to....
a classic game got this to add to my resident evil collection. This is a action game good storyline too
If you buy this game, you're part of the problem.  This is a terrible game.  Nfl 2k5 was much better than this and it came out 11 years ago.
This game is so boring. All you do is use the right thumb stick.
The game has a glitch partway through and you cant progress any further.
No good game brought thus for some guy on Amazon.  Game data does nit work.i will give bad review on this person. He should REFUND my money
The intro is taking hours, I haven't been able to actually play the game yet because of the stupid professor and that girl. I don't give a crap about trainer school, wtf.
This game has all kinds of action from start to finish. You got to check this game out.
Bad graphics, sloppy gameplay. I really couldn't get into it.
A must have game for the PS3, possibly one of the best turnbased games I have played ever. The story, gameplay, characters, and just about everything in this game come together beautifully.
Awesome game, best i've play in many many years!
Delivery was quick and love the game (:
I was able to make this game function once, then some sort of interenet-driven software protection prevented me from playing again. What I saw was not impressive- stay away from this dog
if u luv final fantasy x u will luv this game because have extra mode after x and x-2
Dark Souls is a great series. Not many games have I beat more than 10 times but I cant get enough Dark Souls
The woman annoy to much, bad gameplay.
I got this case i nthe inital Intro bundle. It has protected my vita as I have traveled around. Good to put a few games in there. Reccommended.
Was fun and a good game until I compared it to nba2k14-nba2k16 just not a good game miss ever shot has not great graphics just not a great game
I could only play a few minutes of this game...just too boring. Too much of the samething over and over.
Loved it. Had a great time finishing the game.
Step up your game capcom. We want a solid arcade experience without dlc garbage.
It has very good campaign, it's very difficult in the max difficulty. the most important thing is the gameplay and the graphics. the multiplayer is awesome.
Advertised as new.. and not... saved games found in the game.. really not cool
Don't waste your money. The main game is much better than this garbage.
Under rated gem.  Highly recommend now before someone does a YouTube video on it and collectors drive up prices into some uber "are" game.
my nephew wanted 2 games for Christmas for his 3DS the games where used but still came with original case book and game.
I love this game. It's the only work out game that actually makes me sore PLUS it's really fun to play.
I really enjoyed this game. The story is great and so are the graphics, weapons, and enemies. I had no trouble installing the game. Highly recommended by me.
The game is very adsorbing until you walk into a building and the game glitches and you're stuck and cannot walk out.
Everything was in good shape when it arrived. It arrived in a timely manner. It completed my set of Star Wars games for the PS2. It went well with my set.
What happens when you take away Sonic's speed? You get Sonic Labyrinth!This game is more of a puzzle-platformer than an Fast-Paced Platformer. Which is why this game gets a 2 STAR RATING!
It will not run on windows 7. The game shouldnt be sold without this warning. Very disapointed
this game is for children who are 10 years old or less. very boring for people who want a challenge.
I have owned every Sims game to have ever existed, and I am pretty disappointed. I feel like The Sims 4 went backwards in ease of play. :(
The game didn't come with a case, and on top of that the game did not even work very disappointed
This converted mobile game is a frustrating slog... even through the creatures in Puzzle & Dragons Z are cool.
Like playing a highly upgraded version of the old Silent Hill games but with a new storyline.
Looks like they pushed making this game, not well organized, and not much creativity to the game play.
Yes, they have done itagain, Activision always trying to rip off the gamers who support them.Port a $1game and sell it for $40... HAHAHAHAHA
i tried to run this game said media disc so it would not work, lesson i learned in gaming Xbox original games will not work on Xbox 360 slim console.
Seriously though.  My girlfriend loved this and I couldn't use my computer for like 4 hours while she beat every track with gold medals.  I'm glad she likes videogames.
very good product I like use it all the day I can not stop using it, I like all the games is excellent the best.
What a sick idea for a game.  Killing  beautiful and sometimes endangered animals.
Like all the different adventures  and all the different places,it is a very engaging game,I have spend many hours playing it.
I played many games from first person shooter and I know the quality that some games had, but this title realy sucks. Don't waste your money.
A very fun little game that showcases the Vita's hardware.  Though there are a few stinkers in here, most of the games are actually very fun.
this game is absolutely disgusting. DO not buy this game unless you love wasting your hard earned money. DO NOT BUY AT ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Worst game of the series. Stick to the older ones.
Okay game. The controls and game play blow and there isn't a real career or story mode. Game blows. Buy the older ones with the story mode (pre-2012).
Ridiculous that you'd have to pay money to have a full game.
NCAA Football 2004 is coolest college football simulation game for PlayStation 2 to play. Win the Heisman Trophy in the easy way on Dynasty Mode with Sports Illustrated.
Great price, great game for the mine craft lover in any home!
Generations is a great expansion to the game. I mean you have wedding cakes,wedding arches,your kids can pull pranks,and most of all it is all about family in the end.
Jeez laweez! there is way too much cursing in this game. its almost as if every sentence said must contain at least a hundred curses. the game is fun, though.
like how this thing allows me to play reagon based games on my american locked console and some of the cheats work but overall better than any other cheat device out there
Meh, works on and off. Also works for some games and not others.
Would not charge the gamepad.  Wii remotes charged fine, but lose their charge even when not in use!  Returned.
It was like a brand new game fresh new right straight out of the oven
It arrived on time and is a really great game.
Bought this games for the grandkids and they love it 4 can play at the same time which makes it a true race among the kids.
This game is boring, stupid, pointless and has the worst controls ever.  I would recommened renting this one if you think you must play it because it's just a total waste of money.
This is just an authentication key.  You don't actually get the game on a DVD, just an installer that points you online to download the game client.What a complete waste of a wait.
This game is incredible! I am friggin hooked!
overall way better than the last years of resident evil but my biggest issue is that this didn't need to be a resident evil game.
We love these search and find games by Pop cap
This game was 10 dollars off. Good savings. It was new. No problems with game, everything is fine. However the game itself is boring. Not much to get excited for.
haven't recieved it yet can't tell you so it won't matter what i say here. I thought it was a different ratchet game but it wasn't. Looking forward to playing it!
This game was clearly not ready to be released and clearly optimized for PC. Not a good port in my opinion.
This game made baby Jesus cry. I remember the Turbografx version and this does not evoke any of those memories. The game play stinks.
Like these type games, challenging and fun at the same time. Would recommend it to everyone that likes these type games!
Awesome game but its a lil short on missions
I don't think it was any fault of Amazon. However, therewas some type of error when attempting to play the game.Since it didn't cost much, I didn't see a reason to complain.
If you haven't played this yet, do eet, do eet naow[...]  as ahnold would say. This is my favorite game all time and the expansions really make the game better.
Love the game and the guitar.  I own two of these guitars now.  Wish they would come out with a different model but this one works great!
There is NO ONLINE servers available any longer for this game..... the single player races are fun and the graphics and physics are nice. The single player mode is challenging.
Poor game/ not worth the time or money
Great game couldn't find it in stores got it here on Amazon and works really well and I will be ordering more games again
The game itself is good, but I got the French version. I got a refund for it thankfully and I'll try again some other time.
If you like trains you will like Rail Simulator. The majority of the game is overseas but there is a nice run out west with the diesel engines. It has a nice steam train too.
thiis is a great game to play the whole family plays it some day we will beat it maybe but love it
This is one of my all time favorite games. I love the roaming freedom that it has. All the racing is untouchable.This game is untouchable. I give it 10 Stars **********
Love the game,  highly recommended for every one. The graphics not as good of Uncharted but the game play was awesome!!!!
Not worth spending time or money on! I would rather buy G.I. Joe game than this sorry rip off the original!!
This is an absolute travesty compared to the first game.Even if it was a standalone game it would still suck!Get the first game and pretend this one doesn't exist.
My baby sister adores this game! I love playing it with her :)
Love anime! Awesome collection, game play really simple.
The game wouln't load with Windows 7. After checking compatibility, it is opening with Windows XP SP2. I can not get it to work in windows 7.
Sonic is like the new "pac man" He does all types of stuff in the game which makes it interesting. Kids will love this game. Beautiful colors and it keeps you interested.
Didn't like it. Wasn't like his other games at all!!
Why did Rome Total war make more sense, there were unit collisions, which help make the game feel realistic.  This was just better graphics, with no regard to gameplay.
The standard edition is Activison's answer to Steam's early access. An unfinished game with very little content!
My grandson is 13 years old and autistic. He loves to fight monsters on video games.  It has been his favorite since he got it for Christmas.
I find the game to boring for older kids and it takes to long to play for younger kids. I would not recommend this game!
Recently bought a Sega Genesis atgames classic game console and loved playing the lion king as a child. Still as challenging as I remember.
I have seen better games in 1980 era arcade's
Boring game.  Very pretty.  When game makers figure out we want gameplay over beauty, they'll be on to something.
Great game, but the origin DRM would force close the game when my internet goes out, i had to download a version from a friend of mine just to make it playable
i really couldn't care what you think of the game, i liked it.  i am doing this review so i can get recommendations from similar games.
Great game all around with so many things to do. Have been playing this game for weeks on my ps4 and to me it is the best lauch game out there. Love this game.
These were the first two Call Of Duty games I ever played. Now they don't have the sprint you need or the regenative health. But this was the start. Entertainment for hours!
you will spend countless hours on the campaign the multiplayer is good  its a great game really fun playing with friends online cant wait for gears judgement
Great game, I spent many an hour playing this back in the day, love the Close Combat game series.  A classic game.
I got this game and have yet to be able to play it as square will not let me log into my account. So mad that's all i can say.
I couldn't get into this game.  I would suggest you save your money for something else.
The people of EA Sport harm the game (literal ) . the gameplay is very slow
[...]Please take some time and watch the review that I have supplied you. Thank you for your interest in discovering the truth about this game.Have a great day! :)
Must have for ps4 owners. The game starts off very slow but once you get though maybe a couple of hours it will be all fun and mayhem!
These six games were great I'am on my second round playing them.  It's nice to come home and relaxwith a great mystery game. This new game  was very interesting and different.  Thanks Amazon!
Pretty much just a re-hash of all the other Metal Gear games.
My 7 year old girl loves the game; I've not played it myself but she can't get enough of it.
Great game my 6 year old grandson loves it. A little disapointed that they came out with a 3D version a month after I bought this but it doesn't seem to matter to him.
this one of the best fighting game ever! I love it i just wish have more characters but still awesome
My children liked the characters and game, but the graphics were just very poor in the Nintendo Ds.  Do not highly recommend.
I would buy this game it fun tio play i love it i play 1 2 3 i think 4 5 one i would buy this these game big fish are great games  to p lay
great product... like the mario games ALL the mario games and just like that we have this one for our collectionnow
I found it difficult to understand how to make the game progress as I would have liked tried many times but gave up.
Honestly it is a boring game. It is nothing like the original Battlefront games.
If you love the Command and Conquer series; then purchase this. You get all the great series you remember when growing up and get to experience the games all over again.
Worst and most boring game I have ever played. Worth $20 on a good day.
Fantastic package. The Show is a great series. My husband and I love this game.
I like it because it is very similar to the TV game.
this is a fun game my son loves playing with this glad I got it
Awesome game fun its also hard more for experienced players but easy to get down for new comers but very fun you should get it
Combat is horrible and ruins this game. Batman this is not
Does exactly what I need it to do, carry my 3DS XL and it's games.
Won't fit my game system. No problem returning.
From mithology to puzzles, from great graphics to great battle system these two games in one are a most have. You won't regret the hack'n'slash action. It's pure dinamite from start to end.
Only got like 4game out of it ,lol
Our Creator would love Dragon Warrior Nintendo game. In a gift wrap box. Mother Creator Our Creator would love that. That be a awesome great gift.
I actually really loved this game and thought it was brilliant, but it arrived warped and was unplayable after a while
This is a pretty good controller other than the Dpad. If you press too firmly in any direction it will press 2 directions at once which makes some games very difficult if not impossible
Love this game. A great game if you just bought a Wii U.
unsre why its on here  as i have a xbox380 but nevr this game  so caNT critiuqe that which i know not .
All of these games would not run on my mac without updates and still I can't get them to work! Complete waste of money!
Great game. Great addition with the Expansion and DLC. If you like westerns and action games don't hesitate to buy this. It's hours of fun.
im playing this now i love it great game you end up lot people on your team at times to fight others n lot magic spells i great for every one to get use pen some n pad
The kids love it and it seems to be doing what it is supposed to be doing. Letting a kid enjoy a game. No complaints
You have to pay $59 a year to play this game.
For those that still have PS1 and PS2 games, this is useful to transfer saves back and forth between a PS3 (classic ones with BC) and the PS1/2.
I bought the game mostly for the story line, but all I really bought was a slide show and an online Multiplayer with terrible servers.
I ended up giving it away to a kid who had a DS.  The Harvest Moon on the game cube has been the only decent harvest moon.  They need to bring that one back.
My kids love it! Cool little game that will keep you amused for months.
overall best flying game for the xbox....love it
Works great and never had an issue with it. Certainly durable as well. The real nintendo nunchuk is a great game innovation.
This game was awful.  The controls were not intuitive at all.  If you want to play Call of Duty buy a better system.
I bought them for my son, he is extremely happy with the product... And it seems to withstand the abuse of an 11 year old gamer quite well.I'd definitely buy it again if needed.
the worlds of mortal kombat and the denizons of the DC universe come together in a knockdown dragout brawl in this awesome game
this is a fun game, that my 9 & 10 year old boys loved.  they conquered the game rather quickly!
I have a hard time believing that anyone who gave this game 4 stars ever opened the box. Horrible controls, boring, terrible plot.
didn't like the idea that this game wants you to join a gaming site, really if I wanted to join a gaming site I would not be purchasing game ware
Boring!  This game has nothing to rave over and alot to dispise.  Rent it before buying, or you will be disappointed in losing 50 bucks.
simply one of the greatest games i have ever played,  the funnest so far, for sure
very good game, has us all in the family linked to the X-Box, I recommend it, is pure healthy athletic competition, not violence, 100% recommended
The game to me is to hard to use with the normal play station control. It also could be that I am left handed.
After losing money on Simcity societies, I wasn't going to buy this again until I've thoroughly tried & buyed.Unfortunately, I couldn't even try the game thanks to servers being down.Good job DRM!
Not able to download any of the Christmas Jerseys. Gameplay difficult. The only great thing about this game is the graphics.
Good boxing game, while this genre has struggled in recent years, this game brings back the fun.
Had potential but there is no story its mainly a online game and its one monster against 3-4 hunters its disappointing I wasted 20 bucks save your money
You can't use it for most games on the wii u. You need a newer version of the controller. Make sure it suits your purposes before you buy
Half way through the game it cheats and becomes a rip off
Cool game thought its was one of those on line only games but its a 1 player game as well as a online game its cool worth the the 3 bucks
Way too firm on the control stick. Almost impossible to steer in a racing game, it's almost 90 degrees left or 90 degrees right. Any maneuver requiring precision is out the window
This game is the best! Hundreds of hours of gameplay at your fingertips. Be warned, this game is very addictive and hard to put down.
I over looked the product that requires more expensive equipment to even play the game.  Considering to return every PS4 stuff I bough over this one.
Avoid bad reviews! If you like RPG, this game is for you! If you've never played a great RPG style game, you better start with this one!
This game is horrible.  I want my ten dollars back and I want to be compensated for pain and suffering.
This game pack is great. HL was a tad short but portal makes up for it. Portal it self is worth the price of the orange box.
It's a VMU, and it works with all the games I've tried it with.  Included batteries were good.
EA has done a really awful job with this game.  Such an embarrassment to the IP.
The gameboy color was good but i really like the 1989 gameboy the grey one that takes 4 batteries
This game reminded of the dreamcast racing game era, it was so great. The dreamcast had so many racing games like Daytona USA and much more!
get Titanfall 2 instead. so much better game
Great strategic game play but took a minute to get use too.
Maybe because of the connection or smth ! Oh and it did download just froze !Anywho u bought the real ps2 game it was amaizing thnx
Steam makes the game almost impossible to play and the gameplay itself just isn't fun. I loved Total War Rome but this game wasn't even comparable.
i bought this as one of my games required a memory card however it almost never works and i almost always loose my save games im sticking with official nintendo memory cards from here on
Love this game. i just got it today and im hooked already. the combat and the gameplay are awesome.
Amazing game, funny slapstick comedy, good all in all comedy rpgGame came in mint condition, might as well have been new, but no box.
A really awesome game time consuming,  a must buy
Honestly, a great leap forward for the series. Movement is fluid and fun. Multiplayer maps are outstanding.  - this is a great CoD game
Ubisoft should have its head examined on this one. You will find yourself unable to complete the single player version of this alone. They games stacks too much HP against you. Pfft
This game was not what I expected, I mean you die after taking only one or two hits! C'mon it's a video game, not real life.
Just go rent god of war 3. This is one of the dumbest games ever.
broken......freaking broken!!!!! who releases a game that breaks halfway into it? definitely needed to be tested better.
This game is quite long, has a lot of detail, and kept my interest to the end.  Believable story, too
paper mario color splash video game for the wii u is the greatest video game in the universe a true classic the best of the best paper mario color splash video game for the wii u rocks
I just installed one game of the set. The paradise, my AVG free edition blocked it because the exe file was containing Trojan.
One of the best game but with wrong improve evry time that is all people.Thanks for reading my review.
This is not the game! It is an Add-on. It does not say that in the description.
Oh my gosh soooooo fun! Love this, it was really cool and the Extreme mode was very challenging. Great game!
Do not buy this game as of now!  The game is no longer going to be supported as of October 31st of 2013.  Just a warning!
Game doesn't work.  Light scratches my butt.  So yeah sucks for me I guess.  At least I can use the game as a coaster.
I'm a huge fan of the Super Mario Bros. series. This game doesn't disappoint.
quick way to get jipped, to make in game money.
This is an excellent add on to the lord of the rings movie games. Just simply a fun game to pass time a little hard at times but overall FUN!
this game is s***y  s***y s***y
Terrible game honestly just really a terrible game graphics  are very very good but game play is horrible
It really was not the kind of game I was waiting for been a game from Square-Enix.
Should just rename this game Boring, Unimaginative Grind, because that is what it is.
my son is such a big kid...cant get enough of his video games..has the friends all come over to play
Lame game to me. Many love it, i cant get into it.
This is one of the most difficult games I've ever played. As early as the third mission (in the park) the difficulty level is just ridiculous!
Main function of the game (multiplayer) is completely unplayable...  Dont read any other reviewsTHIS GAME IS NOT WORTH THE MONEYJust go to the website they even admit it is completely unplayable
Performs well and provides great entertainment. Battery seems to fade in short time. No other issues. Easy to use, games accessible, decent selection of media to enjoy
This "Ride'em Low" video game is a bit hard to play. It is a very small download so it will not take up much space on your hard drive like most driving games do.
I got this thinking it would cure my Sim City burn out from previous versions. It didn't. It's still a decent kids game.
incompatible with my singapore bought xbox console!Apparently there are several types of ntsc xbox version. The one sold in Singapore is ntsc-j, so I returned this game.
Also, you befriend Groose. Beware guys, this is probably the worst Zelda game I have ever played. I give this game a 0/10. REHASH.
This is a fun game.  My husband and I play and I can even beat him sometimes!!!  Love the options of animals and the guy speaking is funny.
eh ok little game dose not really hold up well
This game came on time, was well packaged, and new as stated! Thanks for having this item, you've made my grandson extremely happy!
the best one and most heart throbbing of the bunch.  It's said to see the story of Ezio end.  a lot of whistle blowing in a video game oh the beauty
installing games takes forever. unplug your ethernet cable or disable wireless while installing to make it go faster. run your patches at night while u sleep. otherwise great deal on black friday.
The Pip Boy has more bugs (defects) than the game itself.I knew I should have canceled and gotten the standard edition from unboxing videos I saw.
Decent game. Good graphics. Too much reliance on the use of an airborne "drone" to move game forward; just plain annoying and tedious.
Horrible game, feels like I was playing my ps1 again, geez rockstar :/
I loved this game but it was a little to short, I finished it in only 2 days. But overall I loved it and it was very fun.
This is an amazing game!  The graphics and action is superb.  The seemingly endless supply of maps on multiplayer is amazing.  Don't wait - buy it now.  You will not regret the purchase!
Fun game and really fun/funny multiplayer because if you blew yourself up your head would exceed the body and you would have a 30 ft neck. Sadly my copy came scratched and unusable.
my son loves this game and it works great and was in very good shape !
Won't work on newer windows systems.  Had to pull out an old PC to play the game.  Buyer beware!!!!
I ended up giving it away to a kid who had a DS.  The Harvest Moon on the game cube has been the only decent harvest moon.  They need to bring that one back.
These thumb stick pads will not stay on when the game action is intense.  They look great.
Im still playing this game, I liked a lot in PS2 and now in PS3 its looking great,
My favorite game on the 360. Dark and mysterious like the original Max Payne.
I keep using it almost every time I play my ps2 games.
This is an online only game and the severs have been taken down recently and just wanted to warn others before purchasing a game that cannot be played-no campaign, online only, no servers anymore
Fantastic game with an interesting story and a bunch of fun characters
Smaller than an N64 game cartridge and comes with a little squeeze bottle filled with rubbing alcohol.
It's a great game, but I just got this for 2$ on the PlayStation store. Your trying to sell it for 60$? Wtf
This game did not work. Damaged disk.
Great game and one of the best of the call of duty series...
This game is an amazing game. It is a little difficult at times but I still enjoy playing it. It shipped fast and was in excellent condition.
Sorry but this will not download to a ps4 machine. I contacted playstation Sony and they told me it was a DNS problem. I lost my money. Buy the DVD of the game instead.
Everytime the game updates there is a chance of you save being corrupted so i just give up on all these batman games. Every game has this problem and the publisher doesnt care.
Love this  game  best storm game ever highly recommend
I tried to play the game but it would freeze up so I didn't get to play.
I donot like this game at all. Though it has lot of stratergies. The usability is not good. I love age of empires but not this one.
One of the stupidest games ever. Dont waste your money.
The worst entry in a terrible series of games. Horrible gameplay mediocre graphics poor frame rate. This game had nothing going for it. Buy just about anything else instead
if you like plot holes and being left completely unsatisfied, this is the game for you
strange game that takes getting used to but once you get it your hooked
Strategy is the name of this game.  I pick my level and test my wits.  The best part of my day, Love it.
This game brought back a load of great memories for me, and with all of the games on this disc there's a very small chance of getting bored.
This game doesn't get old. I love it... it's pretty awesome!
i love my sims tool packs and expansions a few were cheesy but in general i do love everything sims3 .the only game i play and like.
I loved this game, a little different from the older Metroid games, but simply amazing, the graphic are great too !!!
This game is like, wow... Too many glitches and underdeveloped. If Montreal was trying to appease Arkham fans until Knight came out, I hope no fans of the series were lost.
A little disappointed. Wasn't what I thought it would be. I thought it would be more like the sport or sport resort. Not a bad game but more for a beginner.
The absolute worst Dreamcast game I have ever played. I would not even take this game if it was given to me for free.
Yeah... Hit, block, hit, hit, block. (repeat x2000) Good game. If you like to pay 60 bucks to press two buttons the entire time, good luck.
The game play is stupid, The story is crap, all around a complete waste of time and money....
Bought this game to complete my collection and I love it to death. I love the fact that it's in 3D and you can ride your coasters!
It's a Zelda game. Whats not to love. My arm gets tired from all the swinging but it's well worth the soreness to play one of the many great Zelda games in the series.
Great game really good story overlay very enjoyable and for the price it is now its a steal
i love this game i think i will try the ones before it as well
I definitely forgot this was a kids game.... beat it in a day...
Doesn't work past first boss fight, game is cool but CD is damaged.
This game is counter-intuitive. When I clicked on "Tutorial" it said, "Read The Manual." That was the sum total of the tutorial.
The game play is kind of complicated, also, you get an interminable chain of fights that makes the game quite monotonic.
It shipped and arrived very quickly, the disc works and the game is just as fun as I remember.
if all you play is RPG's than pick it up, if your a causal gamer, i'd pass. Combat is vary slow.
Not as good as I expected. The warioware games are much better. Maybe it was too kiddish for me. To simple, not much depth here. Get warioware touched or twisted instead.
Until now it is the best race/car game for ps3. The physics are perfect! each car has it particular behavior.
this game is why i am getting the VRthe game is scary as hell great game.
Looks like a great game,need more time to play more.
This is not a good game. The graphics are poor. You are constantly fighting the camera. Controls are annoying. Has frame rate problems at times. And it's simply boring.
Great game, ridiculously great story. Would love to see an ending video for Solid Snake like Ezio's in AC: Revelations.
Grandkids love this game it's exciting and fun.
Great! It's the best game for the PS4
Bought this awhile ago and played it once. Poor graphics and gameplay is just not good. Don't waste your money.
I don't like RPG style games and the save function did not work on it. So pointless. If your into RPG have at it.
Not worth the money, at this point if you don't play online. Worst single player experience in a fighting game ever.
What a great sequel to a great series of games. Has the same feel as the first one, with some improvements.
Very fun game I play it all the time its like the kid version of sims and has faster graphics
The game arrived as expected and started playing it and it is an incredible game...I've already recommended it to my friends
Returned; exactly like the "Rockstar" video game.
the ruind the game I like action not to be runing up and down with a uglyest mercenary in the world, I were especting more action
I love the game wasn't a mistake to buy me and my friend play together on it all the time <333
this game is a must have for metroid fans
Poke'mon Black Version 2. I like this game it is very good it is a little holder to play but it is a good game.
worst game i have everplayed, wasteoftime and of money.
Who on earth is writing these game plots? I thought Spirit Tracks was bad! We're saving the Princess from BAD FASHION???
Was going to get this game but do to the reviews I'm not, I thank every body for there response
I did not enjoy this game, the aiming system is bad and the color is horrible.
Outstanding game even if bought alone. Weapon types, enemies, and game maps are unique.
Don't work right it keeps on missing up on me and I can't download it completely. Get it if you like space games I played it at a friends and I liked it.
Terrible game, compared to earlier versions - a real disappointment! Minigames are terrible, Bowser integration is silly, a really bad idea on Nintendo's part!
I absolutely DO NOT recommend this game. I think the London Olympics was way more enjoyable.
This game is lousy and not worth the price or time.
Great game for the whole family the track list isn't as big as other games in the series but my family still enjoys it
Simple as that. I could not play it. The game does not work on 4gb xbox 360.I waste my money.
Great Mario game - very challenging, entertaining, lots of new levels and some nostalgia.
do not buy it if you still running with window XP because the game won't runI'm very disappointedthanks
The game came with no cover on scratched my xbox 360 would not read it also a little crack on the inner circle of the CD
The game is called shadow of morador, and the shadows are pretty good, but not good enough to name a game after.
Great Fishing Rod. Makes the game way more fun. I had it for a long time now and its the best.
Awesome and fun game! You must play it! I barely pulled myself away just to write this review!!
Activision abandoned there PC player base. Could have been such a great game. But COD is nothing new with each version. It's so easy to find reskinned scenes from previous versions.
2k is buggy and unrealistic.  I am done with this series.  There is a reason Gamestop shelves are lined with used copies.  The game has so many bugs it will drive you crazy at times.
No justice for the original. This was a disaster. Highly repetitive, dumb. Good voice acting and great cutscenes though. Horrible gameplay though. Just horrible.
Good game but still has some of the older glitches.
you'll be afraid of the dark after playing this game. it's amazingly fun
Sucks batteries dry in minutes.  Try another brand.  Went through two pairs of batteries testing a game out for my dad.
I don't feel I got my money's worth with this game. The storyline is awful and the gameplay is shallow and boring.
Great adventure game. Colorful graphics and animation. Really well made and creative. Kudos.
Fun game. Not too easy not too hard. Multiplayer on the mercenaries would be awesome. We need a new resident evil game! Amazing graphics on the gamecube.
Holds plenty of game files, and never fails, easy to use, and glad to have one, definitely good to have lol
Guess Im just not into this type of game.  It sucked, i didn't really like it to much however the kids did
don't waist your money - this game will not run on windows 7 even after all the tiresome updates.
Very disappointed, there is no artbook inside the case for my game, it doesn't make any sense.
I love this game so far. Am about 5 hours into it. Controls take getting used too after playing arkham city but I think they work pretty well.
Could have been great if they had spent ANY time at all on story and gameplay.  It is SO repetitive.
I'm glad I purchased this cable, no problem with connection. My psp 3000 works very well and game on.  Thanks
I forgot how terrible this game was.It has a nice roster,  but the moves are terrible.For gba, the graphics are okay but the sound, not good.
I don't like this game. The save system is terrible. I probably will never play it again.
Bought this to replace a different wired Xbox360 gamepad that wore out.PROs:1) Works perfectly.  Buttons all correctly function2) Seems durable and well made3) Cord is nice and longNo cons so far.
Our 'Once Upon a Monster' has been collecting dust but this interactive TV show plus mini-games is much more fun for my 5 year old. Plan to buy others as well as more are available.
never got it to work with the games i wanted to play
Its boring, and the gameplay just sucks. I reached the first boss andafter beating him, i decided I can't go on. This is not the Ninja Gaiden that impressedme NES long ago.
Played this game for about 30 minutes and got bored.  The dialogue is horrible, and the graphics (though good) are unimpressive for a PS4 game.
If you play FPS's and want better accuracy, you need to get these, they have help my game tremendously and they will do the same for you!
Metal gear vengeance take it to a whole new level very fast pace fighting upgrades for swords different weapons when beat bosses love this game I recommende this game for hack and slashers a plus.
Exceptionally great. Been following this game since it first arrive on the seen, now look how far we come. Thank u so much for an extraordinary item.
Can't comment on game bought for a relative
Worst game ever. An insult to MOO and MOO2. The people who made MOO3 are stupid.
These games have too many  objectionable objects in them such as ghosts, magic items, blood & gore, dead things etc. not clean fun for the whole family.
This game is so, so NASTY! Everything is sick and gory! A do not buy! I hate it! I hate it!
This version is really enjoyable.  They've automated some of the more tedious aspects of the previous game, which allows you to focus more on the strategy.
Fun game with lots of expansion packs to buy.  Great for all ages.  Has so many different ways to play its endless.
this is a good game, very good packing, thanks
Not a bad game for my 8 year old boy.  It's a board game with small games that you play.  It is one of his favorite games.
Great, very emotional, and requires a lot of reading, There is not another video game that made me cry and feel more emotions than this.
This is one of the best games in the entire franchise in my opinion. The gameplay is really good and the music in this collection is pretty good.
I mean lets just keep this simple.... This game is AWESOME.. The End
Item doesn't have smooth motion. It makes the game better in a sense, but this product could be way better designed for quality and accuracy of a rod and reel.
The game is just hard to understand and the story isn't very interesting to me, would only recommend for people that want something new to do with their DS or 3DS
Horrible pile of crap. Definitely not a war game, more like an alien game.  Total loser.
I don't care what anyone says, Halo 4 is a good game!
I wanted more WWII games and was encouraged by customer reviews.  The game sucks.  Movement is jerky.  Button layout and weapon aiming is extremely frustrating.
Great design for the console but the game was not day one had to wait until midnight to download it
Packaging was all good no issues there. The game itself is what i didn't really care for. I expected better
Its the WiiU game on the 3ds. Fun and you can take it with you.
I don't like this game. The 1st one is better. This one sucks! I expect more from the blue sky team!
THis game is one of the worst games I have ever played! The sounds are terrible guns are terrible! Online is the worst! DONT BUY THIS GAME!
game very boring no fun. Amazon is the worst company in the world. Amazon hate veterans
Awesome protection for the sticks. Does not effect gameplay in a negative way
first off i'm not one of them game nerds that play games all day but it was so much fun when i turned it on i then became one.
At a glance Necrvision looks to be a promising littleDemon romp but after about 4-5 minutes into the game the whole thing starts to fallApart .
Arrived in good conditions. I liked this game, it seems like GTA V; however, the game happens at Chicago. The city is very close with the real world Chicago.
great game ! been playing since day one. its a mix of halo, borderlands and WoW
This is game overall sucks because of the online problem THQ shutdown therefore you won't be getting a multilayer experience. Don't buy it unless you want to buy it purely for a single player experience.
Fun and challenging! Don't be fooled that Lego games are super easy! This one sharpened our skills while we played :)
i tried to hold back but this game is LITERALLY horrible clunky controls and all
Doesnt feel like any of the other bo games halo feel even to it
Very nice addition to the Wii game system. Fun game.
Warcraft III rocks! Similar to the Blizzard game "Starcraft" this game is jam packed with fun and it is a very strategic game, amazingly additive. This is a must buy!
Bad example of a spiderman game.  Worse than the console version.
A great game. Good for those who like open world action games.
Much better game than i expected. Picked it up cheap and got a lot of play out of it!
I got this in a wii bundle. Only game worth playing is tennis. I suggest wii sport resort of anything else
Had to return game. Did not work, tried my ds and my sons. The dealer was great to work with, would purchase from him again.
Just not worth it at this point.  The game is broken and unplayable im sure with some patches it will be ok in the long run but i wouldnt hold my breath
Lobby takes forever to connect to a game, which ruins the entire experience for me.Game play is moderately entertaining.The lobby though, 3-4 minutes and counting to join a game??? FAIL.
What a piece of utter garbage this game is. Between crap connectivity and buggy gameplay, this was a huge waste of money. Avoid like the plague.
A must have for any fan of the series, Blizzard or fun games in general!
This game is dreadful and the micro-transactions... Seriously EA.Only reason I did buy it was because it was on sale, and a friend of mine wanted to CO-OP together.
Ehh... The art is nice, but the gem system just killed any interest in the game I may've had.
Great game. Just takes forever to download and update
the wii console is garbage the games are too hard and the wiimote does not work
im into military video games but this one just kind of seemed boring. The settings that your in are kind of bland too. the story line was really basic and nothing too interesting.
This was okay but not for me.  Had trouble actually grabbing some objects once I used a hint,  Annoying.  Will not get the second game.
They make you play the game to unlock functionality of the maker. Out of box you can't do squat.
Arrived quickly and game was as described. No problems.
Mario and Luigi and the Paper Mario series are all great RPGs. This game is a bit short, but fun, especially the bosses. Mario RPG and the first Paper Mario are my favorites.
game goes on for ever with nothing happening  waste of time  poor graphics
Do not buy this game unless you are prepared to buy The Taken King
WHY play this when you cannot read the  code! If you need a new doorstop, buy this game! Aggravation is paramount to TRYING to play this!
the game did not work at all and I was sent a new one and it did not work also.
Fun game. A little unsure about it at first but started playing again and im into it more now.
i was gonna buy this game but nvm too much negative stuf about this game lol thanks guys .
i played the game for 2 hours... I WENT TO SLEEP...not good, not even worth trying..
Bought this game as a startup for my new console and I cannot get enough
this game was a gift to my grandsons and they love it . money well spent
would be a great game if it was compatible with force feedback steering wheels
A fun and very challenging game. Many days trying to build up muscle memory of the complex moves.
Very fun game, came in brand new and worked perfectly. A must buy for anyone that has a PS4
Great game and very fun plus awesome graphics!
haven't play for long time and love this game as enjoy play. it good play game I guess well alright
DO NOT get this on Xbox, hoping for it to be backwards compatible with the 360. As many others have noted, it's extremely glitchy.It's an amazing game, but stick with the PC version.
The game is amazing and its better than black ops 2 ,Advanced warfare,Ghost,MW3 i absolutely love this game its worth the money!!!!!
A great remake for a great game. If you played Pokemon Ruby and Sapphire then you will definitely want to get the remake. :D
Not quite as good as I remembered playing it. The gameplay could use alot of work. Nowhere near as good as the first game
sent back had to have another device to use this game
The Batman Returns game on Nintendo is better than this one.  The Sega version is boring and the gameplay is not that good.
This game is awesome, I can't stop playing it!
Clowns R scary!!!! AAAHHHH!!!!! This game scared me so much! I was expecting a game about getting paid at the bank! But we have clowns! YIKES!!!
The game caused major computer issues with my system and continued to show an error message when attempting to play the game. Contacting Amazon for a refund!
I am sure it's just me.  clues are unclear and hard to understand.  The game does not give you any guides.  Given it up on it
This game is no good. The ps3 version was terrible, and this will be also. Good day.
the dueling is retarded the other blocks all the time it ruins the game in some areas you have to controll 2 peole and the enemys cheat and respawn
Love it! Works perfectly and I finally get to enjoy games from an era I missed out on.
Waste of money. It's a search for objects in the picture type of game. Poor story. Save your money!
Works nice and plays all my PS vita games
I cant praise this game enough, and the others that came before it.Superb 'period piece', game, wonderful graphics/gameplay for all.
Beware - there is a lot of reading involved in this game, making it difficult of younger kids.  My 6 year old is frequently frustrated with this game.  Wish I had picked something else.
Vouchers?  We don't need no stinking vouchers!I don't think gamers should stand for this.  I'm not going to!  One star!
Great game with great DLC trade in valve of 3 dollars at EB games.  yes the Phenom edition complete with all incerts etc worth 3 dollars at EB as of march 2015.
A decent game, but hardly an hd remake or remaster for that matter. This is one of the ugliest remasters I have ever seen. The wolf amiibo looks good.
lego Indiana jones is very cool made me rewatch the movies and then play the game and hopefully I will get to play 2 so I cn do the crystal skull
Civ IV complete is a great overall game and a great value because it includes the expansion packs.  It's a must have game for those interested in strategy.
I love this game although no longer have time for it :( The darth malgus statue is still on my dest looking good
Really excelent game, i love playing it. not easy with motion but you can enjoy trying to do nice score
I got this but did not like it traded it in anyway you might like it just go to gamefaq.com and read the reviews to help you know about the game more I hope this helps
Recently got this game. And Im very impressed with it so far. Much better then I expected. just remember its basically NFS most wanted 2.
Suddenly it needed me to register to proceed ?screw this. not gonna register to play a game for goodness sake.remove/uninstall/burn
Excellent Brand New Quality. Prompt delivery given it being a brand new game.
they mad the ui look retarded especially when playing the game, the controls were horrible and made the game hard to play. every game they come out with after armored core 4 just got worse and worse
it only has what 5 characters it is the worst fighting gameperiod i still play it=]=] =[ =[
I see why this game didn't sell. It's unfinished. The milking continues with this franchise.
great I feel everything  nothing wrong great controller I use it on every game I have fits my hands very well
Shipping and product works but the game blows, better off buying the walking dead season 1 and 2 you will enjoy them more
Best wii game that was ever made!  Really fun!
It's an old XBOX game that wouldn't work on my XBOX 360 console.  That's the risk you run getting old games.
Excellent game system !!!!! Also, There is a large library of decent software !!!!! Very well-made !!!!
I hate the plot and gameplay is horrible.
This game is definitely too slow for me to enjoy. Gave it a 2 star anyways because I remember it was fun in the 80s
No scratches, in case, with manual. Works perfectly, Played it and beat it already and it still works perfectly. It is a fun game.
Can't play the game because I can never get online the way you need to. No help from EA to get you through thiscrap. I feel like I have been robbed.
This is a great game. Lots of fun! If you are a game collector I would suggest you grab this game ;)
This game is amazing. Best game on the PS4 so far! Such a great game!
One of the best games ever created. No point in haveing a long winded review it has all been said before.
Wonderful game if you are a Sly Cooper fan.
The higher levels are extremely challenging (almost impossible) but the entire game is pretty fun and the graphics aren't bad.
This game is great for me, because I love open world games and intense action. it doesn't have multiplayer which is a little disappointing.
Awesome game!! Comes with all the other gears of war games also!!
Doesn't work! The game is pretty beat up and it won't read the disc :/
Excellent game but does not come with the art book
I bought this game because I enjoyed flying the military chopper on vigilante missions, but I have completed the game missions and still no chopper?!?
Of course this is just me, but I hated this game with a passion. Graphics looked terrible to me and the gameplay was horrific.
I'm only giving this one star because I didn't do my research and didn't know the game required internet connectivity...
This is a ten dollar game selling for sixty buck, you decide if you want to waist your money or not.
One of those games you will never be ashamed to be good at!
Not a great game at all.  It was fun for a few levels, then became frustrating.  Maybe a more experienced gamer may like it, but it wasn't for me.
this game is awesom  and if you got little ones you need this game
i'm tired, stop with blazblue, is coming out a new game every two days..... camon..... we need something new now.
This case holds games and keeps us organized.
This game i amazing,Great graphics, story, game play,controls are easy to use and are interactive with the features of the PS Vita.I would recommend ii to anyone who likes shooters.
It rumbles! A must have for any n64 game.
Its a pretty game BUT the controls are VERY AWFULL that it FUSTRATED me badly every time I played it So I returned it.
This game is supposed to be written meant for kids. In fact for 2yr olds. It's too simple to be called a Nintendo game.
Very good RPG game with a lot of depth to it. Anyone could enjoy this game even if you know nothing about digimon.
Star Wars Fans, must have, it's a short game but you'll be fulfilled in the end!
This game is slow boring and dosen't play smooth.
Great game! Love it! Hope they make more games in this series!
This game defines a new kind of terrible. Absolutely completely unrealistic. Biggest mistake they made was thinking that they could counter the countless interceptions w countless ridiculous catches.
FUN game.. its crazy how far they've come with the Tomb Raider series!  I remember playing it on the original grey playstation!  Buy it, it's worth the hours of entertainment!
Spawn if front of an enemy and die. Best game ever. 10/10.
take a ps1 clasic, and trough it into the fire, that is this game.
Very dissapointed with this game. Don't like how you can only use your stylus to move and use your tools. Game was in good condition tho. Just didn't like the game.
I should have known better.  I've owned all ufc games.  This is the worst.  Clunky, slow, just awful.  No surprise though.
played several years ago and never finished any of the games I started.  Was great to get back into the play of the game and I will for sure finish some games.
This game, when I received it, did not work with my Wii consul.The seller provided me a full refund.I wish I could have gotten to play it.
It is a great game to play and it works great.
Was having problems with the Right Analog Stick. It was sticky and effected my gameplay terribly! Ill never buy a controller off Amazon again!
Repetitive, dlc locked in cd, no story.Don't buy into the hype. This game is just terrible.
The game is next to impossible to play with the wii remote and nunchuk. It' would be nice if you had the option to use a controller.
Got this as a stocking stuffer for my stepson. He has played the first one and loved it.I have been playing the Advanced Warfare...I can only imagine that this game is good :)
Love zombie games, but this one didn't do it for me.  If I would played the demo first, I wouldn't of bought the game.
Too many puzzles!!! This  supposed to be a shooter not a super Mario game!!!
not as expected if I want an online game,I'll go online beware not wort the one star given
can't get husband to turn off the darn game. Addicting.
One of my favorite Playstation games, and now I can take it with me on the go...???  What more could I ask for? Nothing!
Picked mine up from gamestop, and it died within 4 days of play. Their customer service was terrible. No more Sony products for me they don't seem to care about American marketplace anymore.
Crap has no games got board day 1 gonna send it back ps4 s better
Awesome game! Open world design with missions and vehicle to take and drive or fly. Good story driven campaign.
THis game suck. Also it glitched out on me and I was unable to finished it.
This is a poor excuse for a demo derby game. It's just horrible. Look up video's on it on youtube before even thinking about buying this stupid game.
This game is just pretty damn bad. I would not get this game because Mephiles killed Sonic and the game includes the worst Sonic Character ever who is princess Elise.
Sony is selling these multiplayer only games for PS3 for like 10-20 dollars, like Warhawk. It's way too much money and not even that much fun. A big smelly ripoff.
Yet another great Smash Brothers game that builds upon the previous one. With even more characters a huge sound track and great level designer especially due to the design of the Wii U gamepad.
This game has nice, but has so many bugs its unusable. it has more bugs than a dumpster behind a restaurant!
One of the best games for the 360/PS3 that i could play with my girlfriend on the same couch. DLC on disc! For the ps3 anyway
a good game, very good warm and feel comfortable with the product, if in excellent condition and I really like this
Handy and quick charging. Guide surfaces make connecting to charger easy without damage to charging inserts. Stood up to constant use by four youngsters and constant game play.
Made a great Christmas gift for my son who loves the game and collector case.
Maybe this is a good game for a child, but it was way too easy for an adult.
This game has a really good story line and the missions are super fun and challenging.The multiplayer is just amazing.
the story alone, the world created, its powerful characters. I really enjoyed this game. Without ruining anything. It's a must buy.
Dont Buy this game ..... if your a true C&C Fan you will not buy this game
The product was as the seller mencioned. Great game.
Grandsons love this game. They STILL play it. Price was right, secure packaging, and fast delivery.
This is one of many Pop Cap games that my husband & I enjoy playing...especially in the long days of Winter!
Expected a lot more from bungie. This game requires a constant internet connection to use. And it wasn't that fun to play.
This is a different type of game while fun and humorous that definitely deserves the maturity
game is unresponsive to wii remote causing your chacter to fall and die the wii belongs in the dumpster with the president of nintendo
game is very difficult to play. after the tutoring you will have a hard time catching any kind of fish
What a waste, played until the first boss not enough weapon variety or ammo to even make a dent. Difficulty level that early makes the game un-enjoyable. Available skills are unimpressive and largely unhelpful.
I purchased this game by mistake. It was designed for PSP. I later returned it. While I like the Ace Combat Series for PlayStation  2, I couldn't evaluate this game.
As big civ fan, I liked this game quite a bit, I even ended up buying 2 copies cause i lost my original disk.
Great game. Shipped fast. Worth buying.
i had this game on game cube and loved it... now i have it on ps2 and love it ^^ win/win
what can i say? its a great game <3i bought it used and it came with all its parts and an unscratched disc :)
Bought this as a gift for my little sister's old gameboy advance SP Pink. I know that she will like it.
If you want a hard but fair challenge - this is it. Dark Souls is a beautiful example of how games should be made.
Great console. It was a great addition to my gaming HQ. I have enjoyed many games on it and have had no problems. Overall, a good buy.
the story is very poorly done and ruins an ok game
I haven't played the Batman games since the 360 but now this game is epic great story and the characters are great the side missions are cool.
If you're just wanting Dragons go for it- but it doesn't add much to gameplay at all. Bored after a half hour
I personally think this is one of the best games of 2006 for the PsP. This game is very fun.
nice history excelente game I recommended to everybody because the graphics, the sound, everything is great
My niece and I love this game and play it as long as we can till she goes home. JV.
Nice looking game but the controls feel a little sluggish compared to SFV and MK. I absolutely hate this new practice of charging ridiculous amounts of money for DLC characters.
SOE ruined the game with the combat upgrade. Don't waste your money. They also have horrible customer service.
This is my oldest 2 sons favorite game. They are 5 and 8. We have over 20 games, but they play this one everyday. (This and Super Smash Bros Brawl).
We just need another Skyrim. I really didn't like it I don't like the graphics or gameplay. Now its on the shelf.
Great game. Arrived on time in good condition plays every time without issue. One of the first games for this system. Challenging and addictive
Not a good game even on next gen console.
Great game with awkward at first but tight control.. Get used to it and have fun
This is great! I got this for my girlfriend and she says it is built well and holds all of her games.
As a long-time EA bond game fan, I'm disappointed in this game for the Wii. There isn't much interaction with non-human objects and it gets boring just shooting people.
In perfect condition- exactly what I wanted and ordered, arrived on time. My kids LOVE this game!
Not same experience this game, I like taking planes and no cops
If you want to have fun in the most upsetting way possible get this game. If you've only played Call of duty and viva pinata please stick to what you're good at.
the never ending badassitude of it all.the game just keeps on delivering . what more can I say borderlands I just cant leave it alone
icredibly boring gameplay...so boring and tedious in fact, that i couldn't stick around for the story due to that.
This Mortal Kombat videogame has a lot of content though I prefer Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3
I did not notice that it wasn't a full game when I purchsed it...will definately look good the next time!
I 've always loved this game.... enough to buy it again even though there are no extras or enhancements to the game. this is a must have for any video game player/collector.
It's a really fun game. I quite enjoy it.
Lots of bugs in this software.  Refuses to load, reminds me of dos games of 30 years ago.  One of the worst games I've ever purchased.
Works fine and replaces a game the grand kid lost tank you and God bless
The game plays nicely,  my 16 year old daughter is happy with it.
great set of games. if your a rts player your going to love these games.
Really awesome game if you like campaign fps games
Great game! No wonder it got game of the year!
Got a new PC looking forward to playing this game. Disappointing that it won't work on windows 8. This sucks !
Not done with the game but really enjoying it so far. Much better than Unity; I am reminded what got me hooked into this series.
My son got this game yesterday, and we both like it!The mini games are fun, the normal game is your standard Mario game, which did not fail to please.We like it.
If I wanted call of Duty I would have bought it.  I should have went with my instincts.  I was gonna either buy add-ons for bf4 or this game.  Lesson learned
is a very good game and I'm in the particular fan of this famous have important saga. actually if you really like
Still getting used to the game, the storyline is quite hilarious. Hope that I get used to it asap to unlock all the juicy content that many are raving about.
I didn't realize this old X Box game wouldn't work on the 360 so I sold to a local video game store.
All star baseball 04 was the best baseball on game cube
Meh, at best. Didn't really like the gameplay mechanics and actually haven't played it since I first bought it.
Bad game, bored, my son just try once, never go back to play it again. Even it's cheap, but still a kind of waste.
This game it's a very good game, has a high cuality of graphics details, good story and also a awesome online mode. For those who loves action games this one is a good choise.
Do Not Buy.  You have absoluty no idea how to even start breaking the safes, the game does not have any real directions.  It is hard to get around and to find the safes.
Another game I will not be purchasing due to DRM.
Absolutely loved this game! I had been missing the Spyro games from my PS1 days & this instantly revived my love for the series. I definitely recommend!
my sons states this games sucks and its not what it states to be. Graphics are not that good and the game doesn't play well at all!
this game is top notch the grapics are so surprb real time hope they do a another one 10 out 10 5 star rating
Nothing great. Yet another Valve game that seems to be well behind other games of the same category.
this game is tedious at best. the same thing over and over. save yourself some time and go watch the 4 hour youtube video of the story/cutscenes.
I do not know much about games but my grand children are very happy, it is a great game they have been playing. The condition was very good
This is a great little gadget. It lets the gamer type in chat or search criteria. It snaps right in place beneath the controller.
never was able to download the game ? origin is messed up! direct download of games would be better instead of relying on 3rd party!
loved this game. Too much to buy new characters though
The graphics and sound are good, but this game is just a button masher. Fighting consists of pressing the same two buttons again and again.
I wasted my money on the wrong one, i thought i bought the one for PS4 but this one is for PC. Learn how to advertise better gosh. Who plays games on a computer anyways?
Loved the game since it came out for the first time. Having the whole collection again, WORTH EVERY DOLLAR
As others have already posted, this card costs more then what you can buy gems for in game. Don't waste your money on this.
glad to find a new plug for my gameboy micro! :D
not good graphics, it looks like a 90's first video game graphics
This game is for kids. Nothing good in the game for grown ups. Just played it for 5 minutes and did not play it again.
Hands down one of my favorite games of the new generation. Don't be intimidated by the souls series. Pick this up asap!
If you like standard controls you will hate this game.. In general graphics good.. playability piss poor. In a word.. it sucks
Product is as described. The characters in the game move too slowly.
final fight 3 for the snes is the greatest video game in the universe a true classic the best of the best final fight 3 for the snes rocks ^_^
Cool game, love flying games. Would recommend to anyone who likes flying games.
Really love this series. This game is awesome!
2 reasons why this game sucks, 1. is because it is on Nintendo wii u. 2. is because nintendo made the wii u
It looks like a pretty deep game. I can just never get into it. I always switch off after about 5 or 10 minutes.
Awesome game, works perfect. Have logged a few hours in already. Super fun.
A second game pad is allways needed, I pleyd and enjoyed many egames with my brother and with the gamepad we managed be intertained for log playing time!
BEST MK GAME EVER!!! Everything is awesome in this game, a must have for anyone who loves a good game.
The game came sealed and the disc's case was perfect, which is a plus for a game collector.
I just bought this from game stop for $36 this is way over priced
loved this game, waiting for others to come out, would recommend this to anyone that like this type of game
Wanted a fantasy game that didn't require high-speed internet to play.Sorry...this game does.It won't even install without signing up to a web site.Bad form, old boy!
really great for keeping games where you can see them.
This is a $10 game. Do not support scalpers they are the lowest of the low.
Not a great boxing game, punches are off and the game feels unrealistic. The controls could have been done way better.
The only thing that is different is the front cover of the game. Please save your money. Its not worth playing. Better yet, not even worth renting.
One of the best Nintendo 64 games you can get. Very satisfied.
Although the disc is in mint condition, my PS2 says it cannot read it.  Upon Googling the issue, I see others have had this problem with this game specifically.  How infuriating.
A fantastic idea for when you just need to navigate around the system without playing any games. Works great for watching television and controlling the volume etc... I really love this item!
did not like this game and removed it from my computer as fast as i could
A really fun free roaming Spiderman game, what more can you ask for when you want to play as Spiderman.
Games fun and has high reply value.It's a classic. And having Dr. Wario whenever I'm feeling the fever is awesome! Happy with this game.
The reinvention of Lara Croft was espectacular. Despite of my distrust and suspicion towards this game, it met all my expectations
Sonic SUCKS and was designed just to be a rival to Mario and is just a tech demo for the Genesis. His games are HORRIBLE.
This is a terrific game! I recommend this to all Star Wars fans! Game is terrific as well as the two add-on side missions. I very strongly recommend this product.
My favorite game of all time. Worked well, played wonderful.
This is an excellent world war 2 battle simulation game, with fantasy elements; where you directly control your troops actions.
My 3 year old daughter and I love to play this game. Its simple enough for her to play without getting frustrated, plus Princess Tiana is so pretty and fun!
Had fun with this game, lots of cool stuff in the game and a good story line.
This is terrible.  Brain dead story, horrible controls, crap game play, insane difficulty and not even worth playing and one of the lamest endings ever.
Great game, even on the Xbox 360. Support kinda sucks though, but if you have a computer handy, you won't have any issues with the support issues.
Great fighting game title, easily the best Tekken game yet. There are so many characters to choose from and the tag team combinations really make the game more hectic and makes the matches seem more fun.
The game is just hard to understand and the story isn't very interesting to me, would only recommend for people that want something new to do with their DS or 3DS
I like the game it was fun to play. it is a good game to get on the first Xbox.
this game is really bad its got bad graphics and bad gameplay it is nothing but a cash in and it is suck
My son loves this game and was an awesome Christmas gift, he now has all but one in the series and is looking forward to add that one very soon.
highlights available tiles, doesn't appear to be a way to disable that.What a worthless game.
Great game in my opinion, everything about the storyline makes sense.
I like the idea of this, but realistically, it's so impractical and difficult to use the tiny ds screen as an ebook reader that the "game" ends up being a waste of money.
Incredibly beautiful picture on an electronic brick. It ships w 3mg memory but won't hold a decent game. So its a $200 brick.
Thanks! I used to play Total Annhilation when I was younger a lot, and this game is one of those I have always wanted to replay/get into! thanks!
From the violence, to the storyline, to the environment, this game has it all! Don't let anyone tell you any differently. A new frontier for video games.
Installed. Played for a couple hours total. Frustrating gameplay due to invisible walls everywhere and horrible AI. Started it up today to continue my game and HEY. Savegame is gone. Uninstalled. Returned.
Great game.  I love the old Sega games and this collection is right up anyone's alley who loves the classics from Sega
This is the definition of a videogame. Fun, carefree, and doesn't take itself seriously. I love the humor. I'm glad I bought it!
-You almost controll avrything-The game lets you chet withought a gameshark-If you want it hard you can have that seetting-Game never stops
only worked for gb games not gba have tried using multiple gba pokemon games and none of them worked
My son loved this game.  It was a great game for a 5 year old and up.  He has played it many times over.
Utterly boring, repetitive, slow, cheaply made, crummy graphics.  You learn nothing new from this game.
Please domt buy this game i want my money back from Activision the multiplayer matchmaking it's the worst since cod ghosts and this game is from the same companySo please don't buy this game
Most of this game was a bore. It was funny at times but really a complete waste of time to play. Do not pay more than 2 or 3 bucks for this game.
Occasional screen tearing due to slow frame rate. Game doesn't run smoothly as it should. Great picture otherwise. This game had potential, but fell short.
The game doesn't work. Shipped very quickly.
Doesn't fit very well, the grips would be comfortable otherwise. Stays on well enough to play games, but not well enough to be satisfying.
This has got to be one of the worst games I have ever played on PS3.  Definitely not worth buying.  Throw it away!!!!
This game feels like a tech demo, no real thought went into anything other than visuals,similar to Microsofts approach to Ryse Son of Rome.Just another standard shooting gallery.
disappoint and i didn't know it demo game...
I didn't care too much for the game.  Sold it on eBay eventually.
My review is not for the game but the port. i get frustrated playing off line because the xbone says the dlc is not on the console but it is
Loved the game. Then the PC community pretty much died. I paid 60 dollars for a game that lasted 3 months. Thanks EA.
Im playing all old my old games and JN title games now.. Thank you
Pros: Continues the game grinding and instantly delivers.Cons: None.Notes: N/A
can't play again. =( sent back and got a refund. I will purchase it again IF they fix this game
Another great Lego game. Just notice that this game DOES NOT contain any material from the last movie(battle of the five armies)
Im only giving this a 1 star cause when i recieved this game it came with the disc flopping around in the case which caused a few scraches on the disc
This game was fantastic.And Nice hitting. ARIGATO.
There's many that love this so-called masterpiece, but the only thing I like about this boring/repetitive game is the great soundtrack. Sticking to the superior original.
My 7 year old grandson loves Sponge Bob and this is an active and energy filled game. Will be so great this winter!
cant play the game.  cant sign in to the website you HAVE to play it on. cant talk to anyone from the website you HAVE to play it on.  SUCKS
Any one that thinks this game is rated over two, they are goofy . For a Shooter gametry playing FarCry 3 & 4
this game is so horrible. the graphics are bad, the fighters are boring, and i think this game doesn't have fatalities!
Sorry Amazon, this is the worst game lol. A next gen title my foot, this feels like a regular old xbox game.Buy this when it is 12.99 max.
Worst game I have ever played. The controls are terrible and unresponsive. I do not recommend this game.
Not as great as they say it is and hate how it plays through the game playing. All is money wasted on a game that really is rated to high.
Sonic the Hedgehog Advance is a great game to play on the game system call GAME BOY ADVANCEI give it 5 stars "Highly recommended" TO  BUY THIS GAME CALL SONIC THE HEDGEHOG ADVANCE
For all ff fansFor all gamersFor everyone!!!This is the best game for psp!I love everything... story, graphic, battle mode, characters in other word ALL ^-^You should buy it! ^_~
My son loves Skylanders of any kind and wants them all.Haven't found a skylander yet that isn't fun to play with, in and out of the game!We would recommend.
Unplayable, the game runs too slow to even play it, this is obviously not optimised to run on a ps4.
...unrealized. Excellent idea, excellent graphics, completely destroyed by endless physical puzzles unrelated to the game itself. Could have been fantastic, ended up frustrating. **
One of my favorite games of all time. Everything was packed perfectly & it arrived sooner than I expected.
The Origin code doesn't work and their portal is a lot of cr#p.  The game might be good but if you can't get even get to it then you'll never know.
The first person is amazingly detailed and Sherlock holmes is an amazingly interesting character this combined with the places to explore make this a great game.
I ordered the wrong game for wii I don't have a wii so I gave it to a friend.  They said it played very good.
This WII dance game had a few songs I remember so well and others I've only recently come to enjoy.
Not so good of a game, Rollercoaster Tycoon 2 is way better
This game is impossible. Why bother making it if it's impossible. One unit of a certain type could easily wipe oot a whole frickin' army of another! OCH!!!!!!
an epic conclution to the greatest video game trilogy of all time. God of war 3 is by far one of the best games for ps3.
Truth be told, I only bought this just for the Wii Remote Plus. I didn't play the game itself and I don't think I ever will.
This game requires a dangerous anti piracy download known as securom to install which will disable cd burners slow your pc and even disable it. Purchase as your own risk.
The game really sucks. But its an easy 1000 Achievement points. don't pay more that 3-4 dollars.
Did not work my TV I returned this product.  Nothing wrong with this game its just not compatiable with my tv.
love it, will get back to some games after the holidays.
I love harvest moon. However, 2 seasons in I just put it down. It lack the pace,band development I was use to in these games.
Does the job but has major lag. Not too bad for $8Not recommended for fighting games
Better weapons than Jak 3.  More of what we wanted before and bigger and better.  Plus this is clank and quarks game too.
A very good game as entertaining for adults and children.! Product Excenete a good game. . ! Good. . !
Worst game ever.  Look up the news where the game creators were caught leaving 5-star ratings, pretending to be consumers.  Don't trust the reviews!!!
This trend of games that are basically single player requiring a constant internet connection is really, really annoying for those of us with slower and/or unreliable internet access.
I loved the first game, and this one is even better than the first! Playing it through for the third time now.
Just started the game but i love it already,the graphics,the music is so peaceful and relaxing,i thought the reviews were exagerating but no,this game is.....is jus beautiful,hope the make more parts of it
This is such a horrible game worst game ever mad early do not buy I repeat do not buy!! Not worth your money I promise you !!!
really bad game, i regreat to got it
Sold as shown, no issues, perfect condition. Works as advertised. I'm happy with it, now I'm able to use an Xbox controller to play games on my Windows PC.
Good game to have on my lap top....just bought a couple of casino game discs also
this game is cool and provides plenty of entertainment but it is insanely cheezy.
Great game, I've logged too many hours on this
I absolutely love these games. Revisiting them with updated visuals is amazing!
I liked this game and appreciated the extras in the deluxe edition.
One of my favorite Mario franchises. Doesn't disappoint. Goes more into the 3D realm than the last 2 but has some great game play.
The best ps4 game x childres ! don't miss
seller refunded the moneyshenmue is a great game wish i can replay it again
One of my fav fps/rpg style games. Each play through u can do things differently with you augs.
Best Metroid Game on the Nintendo Wii, if you are a metroid fan this game is a must have for your video game collection.
I got this in a wii bundle. I only like the tennis game. I suggest wii sport resort if anything
Violent game plus poorly crafted (in terms of instructions, etc.).  Don't waste your money.
Cannot get product to install on windows 8.1 64-bit even after many various work around attempts. Kind of hard to like a game if i cannot even play hrrmmphh.
This game sucks if you only have a regular controller.  You can not play it, it's impossible.  Do not get unless you have a gun or rifle.
Seems like today's video games are too cinematic and not a true gaming experience. Try it out to see if you like it.
For all the Splatoon gamers out there, they need this. Works perfectly fine with the Wii U.
The only multiplayer mode locally is the same game of basically tag over and over again. Definitely NOT a good multiplayer option.
too hard a game not my thing megaman gamees were better
I really couldn't do it.  You gotta be a fan of this style to really enjoy the game...
Very bad game. No cage working, horrible takedowns, terrible knockouts. No legendary fighters, no Pride mode. It sucks! Hope they fix it for the next game
It fits the DS and the games, but no charger! And it only has three game slots! Save your money and buy a bigger one.
Dumb game, can't follow. Haven't played in weeks.
i not own ps2, but i love to play the games, and one of the games i love to be playing is the football!!! PLAY FOOTBALL!!!!
NOT a single player game net only. [stinks] if you cant get a fast connection.
and i regret to inform you the game is not close to as fun as the movie heh, but smaller children will enjoy this, maybe it's because I am 25 years old.
this game is way too hard.  too confusing.  save money for modern warfare or battlefield i think you will be happier.
My grandson requested for his Gameboy. He enjoys playing this game.
this game was ok to play the graphics are decent but not to impressive. the storyline is pretty basic.
Wow this game had my heart racing from start to finish. Once I started I could not put it down
The HD version for the PSP game never release on America. So this is the only way to play it. Also give you access to the FF XV demo.
Great for what I got it for.Installed the homebrew channel n have all the NES & SNES & Sega Genisis games CLASSic
I have no idea about the game.  The disc was DOA
didn't work with windows 8 bummer cause I love the game wish they made one for windows 7 or 8
this game is pretty bad @$$. For an early 2000 handheld game this game is pretty bomb and it keeps the megaman tradition running well
Great sculpt... but not enough functionality in Nintendo games across all systems.
it won't play games and I don't like it I had to go buy one locally and the one from u is collecting dust
I wanted a comp of old games that were fun to play and this was the ticket. Just a lot of fun playing the classics. A lot of games for a low price.
This is a great extension of the previous SSB games! Lots of new characters and worlds to use, and it's more easy for big groups of people to play!
I got it for my 2Ds and it plays fine. Looks great too. Another great game for my Kingdom hearts Collection.
The controller was uncomfortable and the sticks are slow at best. Programming this is a nightmare because you must do it for every game. It is not worth the time
Love this game big fan of ff games, the quality of the game I received was amazing  thank you for the entertainment
Great game if you loved the old theif games in the 90's. Do not listen to other reviews about not enough actin , this is a first person sneak not a COD clone.
Wii sports is the perfect family game. It never gets old and is fun. It is super kid friendly and is a must have for the wii.
No justice for the original. This was a disaster. Highly repetitive, dumb. Good voice acting and great cutscenes though. Horrible gameplay though. Just horrible.
I still like Amazon I wish I could have had this one the game I wanted
DO NOT PUT THIS INTO YOUR PLAYSTATION 3 BACKWARDS!When done so correctly it's a great game.
I think everyone who has done any kind of spiritual battle with demons will love this game. 10\10 not too scary though because I do spiritual battle.
The best game I bought my son so far. He plays this one the most, and can't stop thanking me for getting it to him.
Deluxe Edition bears no added fruit compared to standard, don't waste your money...Alsome 5star game however
you need this to save games, duh. Just buy it already and fill it up. Still works after many, MANY years.
Product doesnt work. game fails to load upon entering houses.
On rails = Flails = Fails.  I do not like flailing my arms around to attempt to beat this game.  Horrible story too.
i purchased this for my son.now my son can save the universe like all the other children who play these games.
I purchased this game brand new, and yet Steam still said it was regestered to another computer.  What the @#$%?
I know most people have moved on from this to xbox one and whatever else is out there but I still love my gamecube and this little memory card has been awesome for saving game play.
Nowhere in the description said that the game was Europe servers only. I like in the USA and was not able to play with this.
For a game called: BATTLE TANXIts not really a tank made for battleThe vehicles feel like glass tanksGoing down in two hitsVery smart AIOut dated weapons even on the PS2 portThe same terrible laser sound FX
This game I had recieved was amazing. I love it! Thanks!
You shouldn't get this guys. It looks amazing but the gameplay and story is mind-numbingly boring and tedious.
One way you know a game is good is when it is addicting to play. The endless and fun weapon combos and vehicle combinations make this game really fun to play.
Played this for many many hours, Good game
I use to think this game was boring until I watch my kids play it and now even I play Rush.  It's so much fun.
This is fun graphics are nice I've barely scratched the surface of the game play but so far I do like it and would recommend if asked
this game is awesome there are a lot of stories i began playing sasuke story  and it was so much fun im a big fan of all naruto games but this game is the best
Not my favorite game. Nice to be able to download from Amazon without having to wait for something in the mail tho!
Fun game, ton of content. Controls for ranged weapons is still a mess (made no easier with the analog nub), but it's an improvement over previous iterations.
really fun game for the family. If you have a kid who likes swords you'll have a lot of fun.
Great game. No complaints. Sound, graphics and story picks up good after a while.
i love to play cross over games. seeing all your favorite characters fighting together is just great!
Really great games especially loco roco surprisingly really good.
Capcom needs to give up and completely redesign this game. Re6 was awful. This one is one star better. Capcom is still stuck in the last generation. Simply a bad game.
Incredible game! To medal of honor fans, is one of the best game alredy done. The multplayer mode is very exciting! Very good!
wasn't impressed with this game. Try again CI Games
Lots of bugs. Not a solid fps, car sounds aren't very realistic. The game has a lot of potential and I'll update later if I see any improvements.
The game is in great condition and works great ,I just do not like it.
I will say it, this game is bitchin, it has it all, camera shakes, great weapons and realistic people. for a minute I thought I was watching the military channel.
Great game! I love the storyline and the history facts presented in the plot!
shipped great, kind of boring game though.
I deally don't understand the hype about this game. I know GTA V and this are totally different, but GTA V blows this game by a bunch. Don't waste $60 on this.
To even play the entire game you have to buy multiple figures which are priced pretty high already. But this isn't Spyro! This is a monstrosity that they've turned our favorite purple dragon into.
It was really fustrating for my kids to play with this game. The menu are just to difficult to follow for them and the games are very easy. Also does not last for long.
The game didn't work unfortunately. Shame too, It was one of my favorite games on the SNES.
this game mediocre at best plus they want you spend 50$ On expansions thats ridiculous stay leave this in a galaxy far far away and stay far far away
First of it's kind. About time we go a game that exposes the reality and difficulty of motocross. Line Choice, Ruts, Breaking Bumps, & more. Great Game
The Sims games all rule.  This is the closest thing that you can get to before you think that you are in the game for real.  This is about 10 stars....I love it.
One of the best Open World games of 2016. The missions were fun, and the multiplayer was good as well. Buy it. You will not regret it.
It is a blast.Kind of repetitive after like 1000 games but oh well.Good graphics.Easy menus.Fun to play.Quick shipping.
This shouldnt have been sold online, the Game's Id was already used by its previous owner, rendering this game unplayable by anyone else.
sorry just not for me, didn't care for how it worked disappointed in this game
No age limit for this game...the older men are still hooked on the old fashion games. Loved it
playstation always has the worst games they have no standerds for games
only giving 1 star because the game isn't as fun playing by yourself, apparently none of my friends plan on getting it
not a bad game.. I played it and sent it to a friend who also played it.. it was a decent game
Scratched really bad. Played all the way through. Pretty fun game. Challenging. On to Budokai 2
Easily the best rally racing game for PS Vita. Really enjoying the career mode as well as the quick races. Would definitely recommend to a fan of rally racers.
Have been unable to play game. Crashes on startup in Windows 8.1. System requirements do not mention Windows 8 or 8.1, I should have read more closely before purchasing.
One of my favorite games . Liked it better than two.
I can't feel the differences from this one to the original PS controller. If you want to go pro in fighting game, buy a fight stick.
Bought this for a friend so they could enjoy the gaming goodness that is Overwatch.  Getting great use out of it.  Overwatch for game of the year!
If you like racing games get but i thought this had freeroam so that really sucked its was 12.00 lol
I bought and downloaded the game it does not open!!  Tried on two different computers.
I have to say, I wasn't expecting to enjoy this game as much as I did.  I only bought it, because it was cheap and in good condition.
He loves these games this was his birthday present he is very happy with it and i will gladly ordered from them again thanks for a great product
Super game fanatic, possible future game developer. She loves this game, but she knows this before it arrives, as she does lots of research.
Graphics have a strange tint to it, and missions are extremely short and easy to complete. If you're looking for a game to play I recommend Just Cause 2, 3 is coming out this December
Too much hacker scum has ruined the online. They have invincibility and are able to go outside the map and camp the whole game. I wish death on them all.
I love it! I think the older games are better in a lot of ways.
Mine, sell, explore, repeat. Every planet has basically same stuff. Aliens are boring. The whole game is just boring and not fun to play.
game is too hard and unfair enemy doest die when sot enemy never runs out bullets and you do every level you are outgunned and out numbered
This game is so fun! i played the demo and had to have it! try the demo first!
Any fan of donkey kong will like this.  I like how in the mario maker game all the amiibos make different sounds.
this game is decent, but im sure there are better games
God this game was such a disappointment. The player base is basically non-existent now.
A waste of time and money! I was expecting a fun game, but instead got something unenjoyable. Don't waste your money. This will be the last Ubisoft game for me!
Very boring game.  Works just fine but just a very boring overrated game.
Such a fun game and one of the few that have come out recently that don't disappoint the hype they came with.
castlevania 64 is one of the greatest games in the world a true classic the best of the best buy this game if your a castlevania fan you won't be sorry
Gotta love super nintendo still a classic i love this device works like brand new for a really old video game device
This game is short I didn't know it was over until the credits started to role. This could have been dlc. Not worth your time.
dont bother your game might not be in the case.and if so your gonna be fighting  toget your refund.
such a cool game .Great for small kids
Love this game, played it on my PS3 console. It is controller supported.
crash Twinsanity is a fun game it Like playing super Mario brothers but it better than Mario it pretty hard play through the game but fun
Persona is a fantastic game, a jrpg classic. If you like rpgs or are just looking for a good game get it but be warned it's a complex game.
My son already had this game but the console just stopped recognizing it (no scratches no nothing). Found it affordable to buy a new one and worked like a charm.
Terrible interface and even worse controls.  Only thing going for it is it looks nice, but it's about 10 steps back for a Creed game.
The Gift recipient is very happy with the game. The Gift recipient is very happy with the game. The Gift recipient is very happy with the game.
Do NOT buy this game it sucks you can't customize controls.  It's also very spotty with graphics and auto ducking.
I really don't know what the creators of that game had in mind but it is a disaster; game play is horrible and I cannot recommend this at all; very disappoined
Grandson has been waiting for this game for a long time. And he finally got it. He loves it! Thanks.
great game, kept me interested, loved the graphics and the French setting. Enjoyed going back to the assassins roots.
NOTE. Will NOT work an a PS4. While many PS3 games will in fact play just fine on a PS4 this one will not.
Terrible game.  Childish campaign with difficult controls.  The dogfight mechanic was extremely difficult to use and unsatisfying.  Multiplayer wasn't even worth trying.
The kids love to play this game. I accidentally restarted their saved game and they didn't mind. They actually enjoyed starting over.
Game play is interesting but it didn't hold my attention. I thought because of the cost itd be an awesome game but i was disappointed
Love this game. I love star wars and everything I can do in it.
If I wanted to play games at 720P I would stick with a PS3 or 360.If you want graphics in stunning 1080P, buy a PS4. Over 2.1 million already have!Merry Christmas everyone!
The worst multiplayer in any CoD game. The story is just ok.
great game and lots of fun.  I bought 3 and play with my kids!
Great game and is enjoyable to play by our 17 yr old to our 11 yr old.  Brings back fun memories of the ride at DLR!
The nintendo Revolution will be backward campatable through the nes games of the '80s so why would you waste your money on this? In with the new out with the old.
These work great. The remotes fit just fine and the are great for the cart game. No complaints here.
Great game.  Looks even better on PS4.
I love the design of the mouse, but I used this mouse for almost a year, and the mouse started to not register clicks randomly, and this really impacted my gameplay.
Awesome game and a must own for playstation owners.  In my opinion, it is only second to Uncharted 2.  Great ending as well.
This game is boring. The story is stupid.
Bash is one of the hardest hitting Skylanders in the game.  His attack where he rolls up into a ball is quite fun and funny to watch,  The figurine is a nice looking one as well!
these are game breaking.  broken game deserves 0 star.1>very very very bad control2>tiny ant size font.
Great game and really is worth a look if you like RPG's. Don't go in expecting Skyrim that would just be an absurd thing to compare it too/
Purchased as a gift, arrived promptly. Giftee later told me the game did not work, failed on install.
This is a unique puzzle game for the PSP and should be seriously considered by anyone who enjoys solving puzzles.Worth the money as well.
Nothing will replace Final Fantasy Tactics.  I would want SqureEnix to come up with a remake of tactics with awesome graphics and awesome game movies.
Way too small, incredibly overpriced.  Never buy this unless you only have 2 games on PS Vita.
30 games for a dollar each? im sold
Great game ! You must also get premium !!!!
My husband is a strategy game player, and he loves this game. I'm more of a Mario player, so this wasn't interesting to me
this game got nothing on ace comabt,sorry tom clancys but not a good job this time
this game is not for adults lol. I really don't know where the rating came from. the graphics are a joke.
We all got bored with this game pretty quickly.  It could be that we will come back to it during the summer.I was intrigued by the idea.
great game still in steam early access improvments being made every week
I bought this game for my 10 year old son. Really loves it. The games are very fun. I recommend it. It is very entertaining.
The only thing that is different is the front cover of the game. Please save your money. Its not worth playing. Better yet, not even worth renting.
Although I read reviews on Amazon saying that it works for wii ware games it did not! Buy a 2g or 4g sd card and it will hold more than you would ever need.
Game was a bust, visually stunning.However, this season pass doesn't make the base game worth it.I wish I could have my money back for the base game.
It was a gift for my son game was scratched did not work was a waste of money.
Fits more games than I would expect from such a compact box. Also includes a special spot for the SD card. Compatible with DS games as well as 3DS.
PlayStation 3 games make me dizzy.  I can't play them.
Near the end of the game has a nearly impossible level avoiding traps.
One of the best games ever made, now in hand held with updated graphics.  Makes me feel like a kid again to play it!
It not that this was a bad game it just I didn't need the game and it is collectiong dust like some of my others.
Sorry but this game is too much bad aged
i for some reason don't like the game. it just feels like it takes longer to do things and some are difficult without help.
Good game and it's cheaper on here then at the game store
The AI is terrible the game looks good but plays like your body is rubber. EA needs to just stop making video games.
The games are poor, if you need an extra controler like I did, just buy one by itself and save $10 versus buying this bundle.  The games are not worth $10.
This game is really fun to play. Great game, would recommend to anyone that has played ffxi online. Graphics look awesome, really realistic.
This was pretty great. I remember playing it when it first game out.
Mediocre game that tried to hard to be funny. Was too much like saints row minus the cool factor. Story was lame and missions repetitive.
The games they send are counterfeit. The,way to tell is it says nintendo on the bottom. Real ds.games don't have that.
This game didn't work on my DS. It was returned.
This was fun for a while but it really is a one note game. It goes no where.
great game with good price, If you like fighting games, buy it
This game has had problems from day one. Save your money for another game. This one is not really worth it.
this game is awesome! like all Metal Gear Solid games, the stories are confusing as all s*** but the game play is 5 star, like usual.
Personally, I love the game, but I wouldn't waste my time with this edition. But the Gold Edition, it's got more stuff with it. It's a lot better!
I bought this game for $10 in the clearance bin at a store yesterday, well there is a reason it is in a clearance bin for $10. It is JUNK! Enough said.
Great game! you get to play as Darth Vader & Grab Guys by the neck (with the Force) & choke them! Pretty cool!
This game is just as I remember when I was a kid. I still love my Nintendo, Super Nintendo, and Sega Genesis games and Kung Fu is a must have for any 90's kid!
Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulI both cause of the movie but this game is disaster, d
case was broke, game was not, but the game wasn't what i thought , better off as a rental game than a great game like nba live
I'm a huge fan of The Elder Scrolls series and can say that this game does not his a candle. The battle is clunky and the world is bland.
I should have read the reviews of this product.  If you need an extra remote just buy it, this game isn't worth and extra ten cents, much less ten dollars.
I played all kinds of games with this controller and it's beautiful. Make sure you are on the X config when playing Nier Automata.
this game is really good. I've been a big fan. my xbox stopped reading disc so i haven't been able to play it for a little while. Hope to get it fixed soon
not really the good old assassins of old. The way they made the dynamics of the game in the colonies was really boring. At least it added some conclusion to the ongoing storyline.
This game does not hold up the voice acting is horrid. The graphics are crap ! And the story is just not interistting. Good for a good cheap thrill nothing else
Literally, the best game there is out there. Pretty good for xbox, even better for PC. I would highly recommend you get it on either PC or 360.
Bought for my 14 year old daughter it has mature material in it so be careful . She loves it and owns all the saints row games
Anything from Phantom is the best!  This casino game provides hours of incredible enjoyment and fun!  We just love it!  Thanks Phantom
Great computer game.  If you liked the first one, or making characters for 3.5 you will probably like it.
Great little figures to collect. They somewhat work like physical DLC for some Wii U(and 3DS) games. A list of these games can be found within Nintendo's official website.
i love all the pokemon games that only one i had a problem with is the new ruby one because i did not enjoin the ruby has a kid.
This game was my 10 year old son's who is a Star Wars fanatic and he really didn't enjoy this game.
I bought the game. It says PRESS ENTER at the Main screen and once I press enter nothing happens. I believe others are having the same issue.
Wasn't sure about this game at first, but after playing soon realized it was actually a very, very good game. Extremely fun
Reading the reviews and downloading recommended programs to get this to work to only manage to get it to work outside of games. Doesn't do what it was intended to do.
This game is not even in beta stage and was released WAYYYYYYY too early. Try for yourself!
kids? teenagers! my 4 yr old hates this game but loves just dance for kids on wii so it was a big let down.
I haven't played this game, very much however from what I had seen the graphics are excellent and gameplay is just what I want.
Great way to save those video ports for the older games.  Have component ports available, so this cable comes in handy.
I only bought these amazing games for split screen couch co-op. They eliminated that and therefore has no appeal to me. That ruined the franchise in my mind.
The game came in excellent conditions and the package was great. As for the game itself, it is a borefest of epic proportions.
excellent game for that price so cheap, I recommend it to every fan of this saga. excellent graphics, good story and memorable characters further.
Every case that holds this game goes down in value.
Love the game thanks!This game is great from the look and the level of detail and the combat. Thanks
Have to purchase time online to play game monthly fee too costly for me and game was not useable offline.
My kids play this game on a daily basis. They love sonic as I did when I was a child. I love this game!
The game is simply awesome!  And those who think that the XBOX controller is too big need to wait until they can cross the street by themselves and stick with the systems designed for kids.
This game is awesome.  My kids and I have enjoyed playing a game without having to watch and wait your turn.  Every home with a wii should own this title.
It really is like playing the original games again, just with new levels, powerups and some new enemies.  It's a great game for everyone.
This is a great game and loads of fun. Play it and prepare yourself for the zombie Apocalypse. It's coming.
this game works like it is new. It likes I went back in time and bought this game. I love this game so much
This is a great game I have had and having a ton of fun with!
It's just for on line, and the server is tun off. It was a losing money have paied for this game
Virus in game download.  Uninstalled and returned to Amazon.
Great game, fun story and funny coop. My 2nd favorite in the series to Far Cry 2. Memorable campaign and fun environments. It's like a Rambo simulator, love it!
Nice game, it was a really good purchase.
This game is terrible for people who like to create their own skaters in their Tony Hawk games. I do not recommend this for players who like to customize their skaters.
Not a fan, slow, boring, hard to use controls, poor mini map.... I would buy a different game.
It seemed like it would be a great game, but there are NO instructions with it. Very disappointed! I would not recommend it.
It was a fantastic game.I enjoyed playing with my friends.It was full of variety of games.you will like it.
Great open-world style game with fun mechanics. Hunting robot animals!
Very good game, i like it and also my kids. i recommand this game to others... excellente game as i expected.
Classic. I played this to get away from shooters and violent games and it was worth it. Great story telling and adventure.
Great game. It was the only reason I got the xbox . Definitly worth it and the xbox fitness was a great plus, Great bundle Microsoft
God awful, This game is like a cruel joke your friends would play on you.
I had fun as two hours after I got bored and I finished giving a friend loves poker games such easy finish after truth no other mode of gameplay.
When it comes to boxing games, this one is the best there is. Buy it.
This game is more for little kids than adults.
I don't really like this game because all you do is fight.
Bought this as a gift for my boyfriend, who's a gamer. He loves it, and there have been no problems with it!
My first 2ds cost about 130.00 dollars but this deal was great Iv saved at least 29.00 off price which is is lot and came with a game that's hard but
Game is a joke. Graphic is from 2005 and I simply don't get this game. price should be dropped to $30 range within a month.
The best game ever! My son loves it and he says that it's very interesting that you get to build your own stage!
This game is terrible and not worthy enough to be included in the Zelda series.
Super fun coop top down game, good sense of humor. Love it.
This game sucks so bad.  The Create a fighter is awful, the only reason i got the game.  Stay away, this game sucks.
Ordered this for my daughter, because she likes level games. She likes it and has no complaints. Said it's mostly like the movie.
This game pretty broken! Very buggy and it suffer bad from an audio glitch!
O my gosh this game is beautiful its just a flat out great rpg. Its gots its hard parts in which you need to go online but its a really great game good story line
Feels great and is easily remapped for different games. The shoulder buttons were a bit stiff at the beginning but felt better after only a few hours of play. This was definitely worth the money.
The code worked perfect, what else is there to say, its not a game so i cant give too much detail on it lol.
I tried... I really tried to like these games.... but they stink, too arcade and childish for me to enjoy, seen it's day, buy something modern like Bioshock 3.
Played a lot of PC games, this one has it all and looks great.  Is it perfect?  As close as a game can get.
Wow me and my daughter love this game,  it's driving is fun and love we love driving around.  Plus she loves Spiderman and you get him quick
The best street fighter game ever. Possibly the best fighter ever, period.
kids and adults - any fan of superheroes and batman - will love this game.  not tough to play, plenty of action and fun
This game was completely broken. My save file corrupted about ten hours in and I had no desire to go back and play through the super long tutorial again.
So, repetitive boring sad gameplay. Traded in the next day, yuck!
Not having played real-time-strategy games on an xbox 360 I was skeptical, but this game is a lot of fun!
This game is great and worthy of a five star rating because it provides many different challenges, love it.Thank you!!
A great game to play with an interesting storyline. Allows you to play anyway you want in an open world environment.  The game came in great condition and arrived a few days early.
Amazing game. If you like the first one, you'll love this.
Game graphics was nice and loved the scenery, but I hated this game. I traded it in at a game store for something else.
This is the most unexciting game that EA ever came up with.  Hate it and sorry that I bought it.  Don't waste your hard-earned money, folks on this one.  Really.
I would have liked to play this game but it would not cooperate. It kept crashing, crashing, crashing. I wish developers would finish a game before they release it.
The first time you see the animated dunk that you remember when you were like single digits years old when I saw this, you'll know why you wanted to play this game over and over!
This game is one of the best games.  It is fun and it has one of the best varieties in history.  It is a wonderfull game.
Why did Rome Total war make more sense, there were unit collisions, which help make the game feel realistic.  This was just better graphics, with no regard to gameplay.
Lots of Fun, my 3 year old and 5 year old grandsons and I have great fun playing the Wii games.
I enjoy playing this game, hunting for keys and other items sometime can difficult,but it depend how alert you are. This game is self paced and very clean good all puzzle players.
This game is just a lot of fun.
bad game but better than TF2 and CSGO so i play it
I would've liked this game had it been the sims. People tried to send me sim city and pass it off.
Every night after the kids get to bed I play at least two games. Adding Ted Williams to the Braves was just icing on the cake.
I only recieved the game box :( No amino or disc. Box looks used too.
These things are crap.  Great for gamer kids only as these mice are VERY small in your palm.
Loaded the game but cannot play it. Keeps coming up error in social club
Great game, definitely have people to play with or it will get a little dull. Does not work with out xbox live
Get this if you like Time Stradegy Games, Military, and good games.
Beautiful cool game and very enjoyableWhile waiting for the new version of which will be issued early next year!
The game is not quite funny, i won't let EA sports wastes my bucks anymore, so it will be the last one of EA sports which I bought!
the game play is so clumsy..try crackdown 1
A lot of adventure on this game, it has a marvelous story line, and sometimes it is a bit repetitive, but any game with awesome powers is awesome.
I really did not like this game. It was nothing like regular Sonic and I did not see the point. I also do not think this game is suitable for Wii play.
plays real well, looks like mint condition, both the game disc, the paphlet, and the case too! thanks for the kind treatment in all!
These games are still super fun, even though they are ancient.  It is kind of neat to play them after playing Dragon Age Origins.  They are kind of the grandparents to that game.
This game is horrible. I only have it because I had it as a kid and for some reason feel the need to have a copy but the gameplay is boring and sucks.
Disk case was broken and the game never worked, very disapp
I'm not sure what happened, but I only received 10% of the game - can I have a 90% discount?Seriously, this is a huge disappointment.
Sorry, Personally, I do not like this game.  Because you have to keep listening and answer the question for keep moving.
fast delivery.  Great game. I play this game a lot more then I play my other games.  It's very bubbly and fun.
i enjoy playing this game. it work just fine in my sister wii game. i would tell people to buy this game.
Great Xbox game.  The grandsons loved this game.  They play it often.  It was convenient when I was able to order the product through Amazon.
Great game, BUT HARD AS HELL!!!!use a save state or cheats to beat it, but STILL PLAY THE GAME, IT'S AWESOME!!!!!
Buy the game for my nephew who is eleven years old but it's so boring and slow played only ten minutes and then left behind.
Love the Sims series.  Very addicting and fun.  Sims 4 is no different.  Another addicting and fun game.  Graphics are great too.
Delivering incomplete games is the new norm?....
Man this game was a hot disapointment.They have since redone the entire game... but I had high hopes and was left flat.Back to FFXI!
this game is so Awesome to play and i cant stay off this game. yep so worth the money to buy
this is a very good game. it arived in very good shape and played fine. i like this better them wild arms one.
I really wanted to like this game. I love Ghost Busters, and Bill Murray, but this game just didn't meat expectations.
like the title says i got this game and its not a sand box any more with completely destructable buildings
One of the worst games ever made, has the build quality of a PS1 game
I wanted to like this game, but it just didn't stand up next to Civ III.  It seemed to favor graphical sophistication over depth of strategy.
The stupid opening game they force you to play while not letting you know how much data is needed or have left to download says it all.
My son had boughten this game and was very pleased with it - there is a lot of action and fighting in it!
great seeing this game in hd quality. brought back the fun I had playing this game from years ago.
really didn't care for this game has that there are so many people that use cheats that is aimed BOTS. Without that the game would be really fun
Not progressive as other Jewel Quest games.  It appears to start over after completion of each game.  It is very difficult staying interested as it was in Jewel Quest II.
This game Is running a lot smoother, so if you love halo I recommend you get the master chief collev
These controllers are extremely well made. These are the best computer game controllers I have found!
My son loves buying games online through Xbox live so this is an easy way to get him points without having to leave my credit card on his profile.
This was a gift for our kids, and they really enjoy playing this game together. I love when they connect their DS's and giggle and laugh playing together.
Thought it was boring.  I purchased for my wife and I to have a game that we can play/interact with together, but after an hour she was totally turned off at the slow pace.
This game was packed like it was new and given with the disc all dirty.  Do not recommend.  I am returning this item as soon as possible.
Game is for very young kids onle. Will not entertain the average gamer.
Great game...just can't stop playing this one...the others will have to wait!
EA is ruining gaming, stop buying their games.
A+. Terrific story and great enviromment. Really well deserved best 2010 PS3 game of the year. A really must have.
No competitive matches or core marches since launch..i days now and no word from developer to fix. Save your money on pc buy any other game but this.
The controls suck especially the camera angels, I got bored with this after an hour. One of the worst games I ever bought.
Great Story mode and Excellent gameplay. All the characters are balanced unlike SFV or GG. This actually has everything at release. Thanks BAMCO. SFV can eat my chip.
Digital code work like it suppose to and the game is great.
im not a on line player. i like to play in the single player games and it will not let me play
I think I have the sequel to this game for Xbox. Works with my '360 tho. Drake of the 99 Dragons. The game does really suck, I will admit that much.
A game that has great trailers turns out to be garbage. I mean you have to hide the whole time. Bullets are rare and you cant just fight them straight up you have to hide
bought this for husband's ps3. he loved it, he is big steelers fan and he is proud to use it to play his game. great gift.
Very little content for such hype.  Few maps and heroes to play as and they call it a game.
A video game wonderful, vibrant colors, perfect gameplay, IA overwhelming. Simply a work of art. Highly addictive. Proffers not stop playing.
i don't like online racing what i want is campaign mode but that is not in this game so regret pre- ordered this game no fun at all
I remember when GOOD NFS games just to be awesome, like NFS Underground 1 & 2 , this one is boring.
Playing Vita games on a much bigger screen makes the games more enjoyable, simply awesome!
Waited a long time for this game to come out, just for it to be full of glitches and bugs.
Despite buying it used it came like new and the game is awesome.
Saved and loaded correctly for a while... then put a 2mb game file on it and it crashed/corrupted all my data... buying sony genuine from now on...
Recoded was nothing but video. KH2 was overly difficult and complicated compared to the first game. I liked the changes at first but they got old quick.
Why did nintendo make this game for the 3ds? this game should be on the ps4 or the sony vita
This is the Pikmin (1) version to get if you are playing on a Wii console. Great game with good replay ability. Yes adults love it. Good graphic art, too.
its a very good game , you should buy it .
I stopped playing within 20 minutes. The storyline is retarded. capcom should be ashamed they made this game. Hopefully re6 isn't this bad
Great product, got it in good time and good condition. Love the game.
Great game, very inclusive and fun, even if you have never played the previous ones.
You can't go wrong with Mario Kart 7.  There are so many nuances to this game, and provides many hours of fun.  Especially if you're into unlocking all the racers.
Can;t use it by itself - has to be used in conjunction with the WiiU pad which means you can't do time trials on a WiiU Mario Kart 8 game.
Did not care for the game at all. Not my type of hidden object game.
I love this game. Bought it because my friends were talking about it. My account now has 540 days subscribed.
The game is only allowing me to please short game and not allowing me to play as expected. It's not allowed to play a normal gate
Worst Tony Hawk game ever made, but at least it's a "next gen" Tony Hawk game so I can't be mad about that. 10/10
the graphics suck, the gameplay sucks, the mechanics are broken. Just a bad game over all
I love the game. It came new and its what I ordered so I recommend it.
A great deal on a 3ds and game.
This was supposed to be a fun game for a PC. However, without any instructions, it leaves a lot to be desired! I would not buy any more of these games.
Fun games, any hidden objects is great to play.
if you are into Halo this is a must get game this is a update of the pass I have great fun with this game
Thought this would feel more like the original mine craft, not my style. You don't do all that much physical playing, similar to the walking dead games. You pick responses to computer conversation.
My daughter loves the Sims and fantasy games. This is a good game for her to play.
First copy I was sent didn't work so the seller sent another one for free!  The game itself is frivolous and entertaining.
You can get this game for FREE at moddb or Taleworlds.
Same  two game system for 20 years plus. Nintendo please quit pay walling the game.
This is a must have for my Wii. I love playing some of those older games that you can only download so this was a great idea to get so that I can play retro.
This game was very fun.I had a great time building up my country and ruling. It is a very fun
Heard great things about this game.  I hated it.
This north-american edition doesn't have subtitles nor audio in Brazilian Portuguese. It's unacceptable for a World Cup game held in Brazil.
I donot like this game at all. Though it has lot of stratergies. The usability is not good. I love age of empires but not this one.
This Mario party has a focus on mega and mini mushrooms. Great game and I enjoy it a lot. Worked greatly.
I played this game until Chapter 23. All the Dancing Levels were VERY HARD to beat! I think this game is not worth buying-- rent it!
Fun for the kids and the kids at heart to play the disney infinity games.  But before you buy check and see, but I think disney is going to no longer do the infinity games.
greate game, if you like street race go for it, greate graphics
This game is really fun and worth playing.
Great game. New DS functions add on to an already loved classic. The stylus functions and new knife fighting scenarios fill in for empty game play between solving puzzles.
I've played through the majority of the Star Ocean games.  This one fits neatly between The Last Hope and 'Til The End Of Time.:)
not that great. its just hit and miss strategy. the game isn't all that fun. other than that i was delivered really fast. great conditon. no damage. played great.
Bring back Galactic Conquest and instant action!!They NEED TO ADD MOD TOOLS TO THIS GAME...THERE IS NO CONTENT AT ALL in comparison to the original games
it's the best onimusha, excelente graphics and sound, I only have one disapoint the game is repetitive.!!
This is another over-hyped game from EA that is all hype and DRM. Don't waste your money.
Still love the game! This game never grows old.
Happy with another ps vita game! His choice of game, loves the vita, better than the previous handheld, but he still plays with that one too!
Poor graphics, poor performance. Completely broke. Shame on whoever made this game and whoever approved the thing.
Turn it on and go. Straight forward game with some twists that will keep you entertained. I found it a great challenge. Worth your time and money.
Excellent just excellent!Love this gameBeautiful art, you will fall in love for Columbia, even more if you play it at max and in FullHD :DAnd as always Amazon deliver the KEY in minutes!
Cant register the game brcause it came with out a key code. would have loved to play this game .
Not a terrible game, but just like every kickstarter it fails to deliver on the hype it generates.
I want my money back. The way the developer is handling this game with the launch of the dlc is absurd.
this says it's for the 360 but the game I received was formatted only to play on the original xbox
Trying to target the dragons in this game was increadibly frustrating. Could not get past the dragons in level three. Complete garbage, no fun what so ever. Would not even recommend renting this game.
Online play never functioned properly, single player games were frustrating and flawed.  This game is frustrating and is deeply flawed, so many issues.
This game only proves what I have known for years. EA is terrible at making games. They destroyed the College Football game and now SimCity.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.
The graphics in this game are very nice.The game is like a demo and not worth $60I would not even pay $15 for it.
This game is junk compared to the previous EDF game (insect armageddon). Don't bother.
The Mechanics are trash and it doesn't feel like Megaman. It's just done by the artist of the original Megaman. Just wait for Megaman 11 coming 2018 this game is trash.
definitely came in rough shape the sticker practically peeling off the game and when you put the game it doesn't even work! sold me a broken game!
Its an awesome game but not better than the GOW3 because of the stor. But if you like GOW, buy it
Wii bowling from the original Wii Sports (included with console) is much better game play.  Better graphics are not enough to overcome weak game-play.
Excellent choice; you can't beat it for the price; several games and gaming experiences all in one simple download; my son loves it and has spend hours playing it.
This game is worth adding to any n64 collectors library, star war fans or not.
is this some sick joke nintendo? i played this game and it was so annoying that i wanted to personally wanted drop an atom bomb on my fake little pixalated dog.real funny nintendo, real funny
Seems that we can't quite get involved with this game, too slow and there are many other fishing games better than this one.
game is really good, move anyway you want, move it and out of cover, and the parachute part is one of my favorites
The worst fifa ever. Passing sux, gameplay sux everything about this game sux
Dont buy this game because it doesnt work on Windows 7 even though Microsoft's website clearly states the game is compatible and should work with no problems.
Controlling the games is just terrible. There are games that you just don't know how to play it. Others are so silly that takes the fun out.
Typical Donkey Kong.  Stale.  A game that could be beaten in 15 minutes...but makes each simple level, ridiculously difficult just to lengthen it.
my son loved this game i got him as a birthday present. his dad had his own, n the gide for it so he likes playing it!
This is by far one of the top best games I have ever played !
When we received this game the game was opened and had fingerprints all over it..I just hope it all works it was bought as a gift.
I was never able to use this properly. It downloaded and installed but it would never work with The Sims 3 game I had downloaded. Never was able to figure out what was wrong with it.
I purchased this game as a gift for an 8 year old boy.  He has done nothing but play it since he got it. As far as I know he loves it.
Meh this game was overrated, I sold it after a few days of playing it. Entertaining for a little while but it got really repetitive. Humor's good though, which was an ice surprise.
this game became a favorite in our house, so much fun and gets the kids out of their seats. Would recommend seller and game for family fun!
This one is so much better.  So rate it 4.6 stars for this game Mafia 2.  So I love it.
Fun old retro system! I still have mine, and I still have fun playing the old games. :)
love it, great gritty game with good action.
why does playstation have the worst games  they are not game devolpers nintendo has better games
My favorite halo game in the series...multiplayer is well balanced and has a quick and fun pace. campaign is fresh with the new enemies.
This game is lame. I did not like the single player. This rating is only for single player.
this game was good for a few days, after that it became repetative and boring. online isn't too good and the free roam world is very small.
There are PS2 games better than this! I am so glad I did not pay full price for this! I'd give this away if I could.
A perfect blend of all the MGS games in one with a new open world that gives you the player the freedom to infiltrate missions as you please. A must buy game of the year hands down.
Got halfway through it than I stopped caring and stopped playing. the game just got stale for me very fast.
Feels like I am watching an anime more than playing a game. Feels nice to play a JRPG and not be loaded down with grinding.
Power discs are exactly as described. My kids fully enjoy the power ups provided by these. I highly recommend this set to anyone who plays the game.
my kids really love this game they take it to their friend's house so they can all played i even played it and it's enjoyable.
The game had just what I liked:  some difficult parts and lots of different places to go to meanwhile; good clues and great puzzles. Very enjoyable!
Multiplayer games on Xbox Live are fun until it freezes or disconnects for no reason. They should fix these things before releaesing the game. The single-player game is mediocre at best.
Disk came very scratched and the game crashes about halfway through even though it was claimed to be fully tested and working
It came on time! In great shape! It works Great!! I am so glad I found this game! I use to play it a lot when I was a preteen!!
This game was purchased for my fiance and he basically said....BORING! It really wasn't as interactive as he thought and the graphics where poor.  Still likes the movies but the game stinks.
Loved the sequel and wanted to play the prequel. I recommend this game to anyone who likes to play single players games.
Good game. Can't get the face thing to work for my son though. We tried inside outside, different phones etc and he still comes out looking like a faded milk dud....
Not a fan of this game. While it is cute but everything costs so much to buy it takes FOREVER to earn enough money for one thing.
I forgot how terrible games were back then. lol
idk y ppl say this is a amazing game when its awfulworst game i ever bought period
Received the cd for the game instead of the camera as advertised. Received full refund.
The gameplay is horrid, the graphics sucks for SNES and it's just very very boring to play.
FALSE ADVERTISING! This case is terrible...i got it for my nephew and every time he wants to play another game he has to take the case off. It's such a hassle.
Meh not really for me. Dont like the style of game.
Great product!!! It arrived in perfect condition. One of the greatest games ever.
Great family game. Fun, Funny, easy. Perfect combo.
I never liked this game, it was SO difficult, it took me several hours just to resque RD-D2, then getting killed by some character within a minute. The game is also really ugly.
Engaging and expansive world. Large starting pokedex means lots of potential team choices. Some references to black and white 1 but does not diminish gameplay. Extensive post game.
The ps3 game is fun but I never played this one. It looks fun any how, I would play it allthe time.
It's a amazing game as a newcomer to the batman game series it's a great introduction
No campaign mode!!!! Did not now ,did not say.  They should had made it clear that it's multiplayer only this game sucks!!!
My 3 year old son got this for Christmas and he is a huge Diego fan! It's a fun, interactive game and keeps his attention!
Great game. Enough said. I'm sure most have played it. Came in great condition.
Utter garbage. I bought it, then I sold it. I miss the old call of duty games. This advanced warfare is an advanced waste of time and money.
I bought it because I like the games produced by Electronic Arts I use on PlayStation 2.  However, whenever I play games on my PlayStation 3 I get dizzy and end up with a headache.
Bioshock has a very captivating storyline and the atmosphere in the game is great. It's a thrill to play through and fun as well. Definitely recommend it
game had too many  erros to play returned to amazon for refuns
I love this game and play it over and over just like the other kingdom hearts games. =) I love this game and recomend getting it.
All high quality figurines, so that even if you're not interested in the game play aspects of the Amiibo, it's still a nice collectible :)
Keeps freezing. My other 360 games don't so I doubt it's the console that is bad. Controls are terrible. Not seeing much of an improvement from 2.0 other than Star Wars theme.
Get this game if you like the CREED' games!!!!!!! I never played them till this one, and now I want to play all of them on my ps3
No one want to play it so hare to review a game they won't play . Just not there stile I guess .
I really liked this game, was a lot of back and forth and if you're not careful you'll get lost. will buy more in this series.
When will the Star Trek franchise finally come out with a game where the player can actually be part of the space experience ??
I just brought this game off of PSVita for only $5.99.  Sony network will continue to give us the classic for a very low price.
I have played all the Garden Scapes games. I think they are a lot of fun and I like being able to choose the decorating in the game. I'm 63 and love HO games.
Great Game so many old good games on this disc little thing i dislike it how much of the hard drive space it takes
Nah this game seems like a cash grab. Nintendo can't seem to recapture the magic of Mario 64. Not worth the price of admission.
did not care for this at all. do not like hide and seek games that have inventory. I play a lot of games and this one is not a keeper
The original Devil May Cry was an amazing game on the PS2 but now with the trilogy remastered for HD it's even better.
Released with an insane amount of bugs, shameful really. Avoid this game at all costs.
one of the best fighting games. classic.
A good game for NASCAR fans and fans of who like racing games!  I recommend this as a good realistic racing game!
too fast, not a real castlevania game. More like street fighter. Fun for 20 min. once every 40 days.
I would give it 6 stars If I could. Great game. Very polished with a decent sci-fi story. Good balance between graphics and performance.
this is by far the best basketball games i have ever played. i am sure you would think the same if you get it.
My son and daughter like this game a whole lot!
Not compatible for my sons game although it is supposed to
works great, kids play for hours, make sure you have correct # for game system
This game is not worth the time it takes you to download take my word for it is sucks real bad!!!
I hate this game when trying to open the safe take a long time and cops accumulate and i always die i hate this game and don't recommend to nobody don't buy this game.
I choose to rate this because it has good value to old games.I like this item cause its the first old pokemon game to have all three kanto starters.
Its Drake again and its awesome again.This game always gets a great mix of brilliant gameplay and awesome cut scenes.Loved all the others and love this one too.
My kids love this game.  The sensor calibration also seems to be very lenient, which makes it so it actually works when kids are playing it.  Must buy for any kids between 3 - 5
Main game works somewhat, with minor bugs/glitches. However, the Undead Nightmare is broken and unplayable.
las lag lag, want this game? buy an xbox360 or a ps3 because this game is total lag & i am not talking about online either.
Can't say what the game would have been like the one I received wouldn't load , one of the files on the DVD was corrupted and kept crashing the install after 20 minutes ......
The game could have had MAD potential...if someone else made it.  Read other reviews to get an idea of the game.  So pissed.
I love the Amazing Adventure games.  This one does not disappoint.  Fun to play and highly addictive.Great game for passing the hours when you get bored.  I recommend it for everyone to play.
ten year old game should be 10 bucks 12 is way to much no way man shame on you crooks
I buy this game because I like to upgrade cars and learn from cars I never heard or seen I like races I recommend for fans excellent game
Why? Why would you even consider making this a video game? On the PS4 no less. Don't buy it. Just don't.
I could never get into this game so traded it in for something else.
This game is so simple in terms of design, gameplay, features and story. It reminds me the Thief I (1998) - the same quality. Very poor experience.
Ordered for my niece for her birthday.. she has had it over a year and still loves it.. makes it easy to buy birthday gifts now, just get her another game...
FFX is one of the best games of all time! While FFX-2 is not nearly as good, this is still worth purchasing if you've never played FFX on a big screen with HD!!
it blows!!! this game is sadd it aint worth renting or even borowing from a friend. avoid this game at all cost
I got this to complet the sires that I have so fare and still gating the others, best game ever.
This game is awful. The controls are bad and the games are boring !!!
This game is not nearly as enjoyable on a gaming system as it is on a smartphone or ipad.  Stick to mobile platform.
My six year old daughter doesn't like this game. It's too hard for her. So buy it for older kids only!
I want to play the game not sign up online wow games have gotten ridiculous
This is one of the very best Assassin's Creed games out. I thoroughly enjoyed playing this game for hours. Great buy!
At 7 my son loved his pops and many games but now it's xbox and driving.
Do not buy any thing WoW, They have moved all resources to a new game.  I have played Wow for years and now they have combined servers and can not even log in.
I got this game when I was younger and it kept kicking back to windows main screen because it wasn't installed right even though I did everything that needed to be done. DON'T BUY THIS!!!!
Very slow game, the graphics are ok, the weapons are bad
To be honest, this game was kind of boring and the graphics weren't that good.
These are the best for any gamer.  You won't regret this purchase at all.
Extremely too many game glitches. The game was made by a moron.
You can only play it on Steam, which they don't tell you before you buy the game.
None sense. No second player. Why make a game with 4 turtles for kids that only one character can play at a time. Gameplay is boring trash as well. Trophies are ridiculous.
It works well and the disign of the game is cool
I liked Stronghold 2 and Stronghold Legends was OK but this game is just so outdated and the graphics stank so much I could only play it twice before I never looked at it again.
Love love love this game it's so entertaining.. graphics are kinda annoying. Game came quickly thank you
Generic game. Sometimes hard sometimes easy!Update Nov 16 2015:Finished yesterday! The ending sucks and is weird!
Batman Vengeance is the best superhero game ever. This game is ten times better than spiderman.
this is a cute little game. my 5yr old loves it. I think its pretty cute too. wish there were a bit more ways to earn coins but its good to keep little one busy.
loved this game to say the least. It was lengthy, kept up its fun pace pretty good n the story was good. I liked it. If ya love Ghostbusters i would recommend it.
so the milking continues.same game engine, same game.slap on new missions.taadaaa!third game in the series.i don't what kind of taste the buyers have.
This product broke out of the blue only after a couple of month having it. I am 46 years old and play moderately games with my Xbox one. What a waste of money!
And the game with shipping was less then 8 bucks. Thanks.
A lot of cutscenes not enough gameplay. It felt like watching a movie rather than playing a game most of the time.
Great game good storyline....just as fun as the other two games in the series. It definitely will not disappoint buy it.
Soooooo many changes made and every one of them ruins the game.
One of the best games,3 for the price of one-great deal.
Sonic is always a teriffic game & this one did not let us down.  My 5 year old son loves it!  Thanks!
This is a great game we have a lot of fun with it.it  got a lot of action and we love the price was great is a real great game we love it thanks.
This game Resident Evil relations is more than just a game its an Nintendo 3DS game which has a very good storyline along with cool graphics.
bought game through amazon marketplace. sealed and new, with no manual and no key code. be careful.
I would say this game has bad everything... just a waste of money, time an a lot of frustration when you buy it!
this game was awesome and worth every cent to to mention the super fast shipping speed and any pokemon fan or just gaming fan would have a huge blast with this game and should get it ASAP
I'm sure you don't come to Amazon for Game reviews. You get that at other game specific websites like IGN, Gamespot, G4, etc.I'm just giving it 5-star cause it's awesome
Great game shows what the wii can do, very challenging.
it is a great game but i would get d3 instead
The single player campaign is ridiculously easy and short, the AI is glitchy and very predictable I feel that this game was really rushed.
I had it fixed cause it was not working in my xbox360 so i had the game clean so now it works
Great game liked this more then the console versions. Just a heads up works with ps tv now.
Good game, will NOT run on Windows 10, at all. Period. Windows 10 makes some core changes to its security which essentially blocks the DRM of this game, preventing you from launching it.
Amazing game just simply amazing if you like dark souls then you'll love this it's very good game
The storyline is good but the game was too easy and solving the crime was easier than I thought it would be. It wasn't challenging enough.
Arrived in great condition and is so far a fun game!
I thought this game would be awesome based on the reviews but it sucks. The graphics are blurry and pixelated.I have an awesome HDTV so no it's not my screen. Very disappointed.
I love this game it brings me back to when I was really into pokemon, I can't wait to fight red.
This is one of my favorite ps3 titles. Mgs4, killzone 3, and infamous r up there too. Great game great price
Amazing console, Everything is quick and easy to use. Games look very realistic and most games run NATIVE 1080p 60fps!Amazing value, A+
for me,this game is the worst:you have to guess which person wants what item,your suppose to pick the person but the game won,t let you
Bought this game for a teenage gamer who loves it.
this game is just too picky as to how you do the goals in the game. i miss the old tony hawk games (THPS 1-3).
Condition great and delivered on time thats why it actually gets stars from me but, the game actually sucks.
I had a craving to play this so much was so glad that it came earlier than expected! Such a fun game!
Figures, I buy this one and I find my old one. lol thanks to this game i lost 30LBS
I like the game it was fun to play. it was good to play a nes game from the past
It's all stylus based and not normal controls like most other Kirby games.
What a piece of  "  "  this is!  Worst port in the world. An insult to every PC gamer!
This was a gift for our grandson and he seems to like it a lot.  A good game for kids under 10.
This game is amazing.  don't let anyone say any different.  If someone says this games bad then sucker punch the then drop kick them to the ground then throw yourself on top of them.
If you ever played Bejeweled or Cradle of Rome, then Cradle of Egypt 2 is more of the same match three gameplay. This game is very enjoyable and not too frustrating.
this was a good, thought provoking game. a must for your gaming library
Wow can't believe I never got around to playing this game before.First game in a long time that's so good I forget to masturbate!
This was bought for my children and they are having a great time plying it on their 3D system. I will be buying more games soon for them
just like new it said and it was a fun game not much to say but if you like rpg's this is your kind of game.
The Graphics are are worse than N64.  The game is boring beyond anything I've ever played.  The controls don't make any sense.  Highly recommend buying something else.
Story theme was minimal, not much in games, basically boring.
Amazing game. I remember the first time I played it, and it's still just as fun. And it shipped quickly too.
You can beat this game in a couple days.  I already forgot the story it was so boring.  Huge let down compared to the first installment.  Wayyy overhyped.
Keep having trouble with the disk reading don't have that problem with the other disks.  Also the game is weird not like the computer version the people have children you don't have babies.
A great game for a party my wife and I threw. It got all of use to play for hours when we were sick of the weather outside.
HAWX is the best combination of game/flight simulator I have found. The variety of air craft and realistic handling characteristics makes this game a "must have"; with an advanced control system.
so much meh, even with big name companies and people behind it, its just a meh game
This is a fun game and it works great
Wow!  Really good game with good graphics.  I recommend!
Broke in the mail thin cases. Was refunded store credit. Don't recommend buying games used if you do its a risk.
Really great game with a great story once you get into it. Stick with it even if you find the atmosphere different than most games it will be worth the patience.
great game, one of the few ones that will still hold replay value
Brutal.  Fast.  Responsive.  Challenging.  Rewarding.  All words that describe this action title.  Any action gamer worth his or her salt needs to play this.  Period.
Happy with the product, fast delivery. Fifa 15 compared with Fifa 14 is totally different is more enjoyable, the game feels more open, players do real reactions. Totally worth it.
What a horrible horrible horrible game. Graphics look like that of 1985. The gameplay sucks the control sucks not a fun game at all do not waste your money
This could be a good game if there was a way to play it other than online. Unfortunately, the description of the game doesn't tell you that that's the only way it works.
I love this game! I love everything about this game I have played it with a keyboard then i bought a controller! My first time buying a game for my pc!
This game kicks ass people, if your an Attack on Titan fan you should buy it. This is way better then that online game! The graphics are really good as well.
38 mb of mysteryville game on cd & 300+ mb of try & buy games and auto hook up to web site if on internet.
God this for a steal, love the hitman series and this is a great game.
Not good please to buy game no more I don't have game with me
Makes things a lot easier when playing games on the computer. Much nicer.
Good game, I buy my sister for 12 years and is fascinated. It comes very well packaged, sealed and protected, the graphics are also very good. They will not regret this purchase
Superb game!  I have more than 10 hours in and still going!
I did not really care for this. Yes it's a little older, but I found the gameplay to be somewhat clunky.  Bought Dead island at the same time and enjoyed that much more.
I had played all series of ths game and I do not like lose this last game
If you are a gamer and enjoy gaming, move on to an actual gaming console that's not 100% failure rate without internet. 0/10 not impress in the slightest!!!!!
This game would seemingly be an excellent game, however the battery that maintains the save files is dead and I can't save on the cartridge. Ugh.
Wow. This is a first person game and it is so exciting to play. I really enjoying this one. You will not be disappointed with this purchase.
I died one zillion times this game is pretty hard except capra demon everyone was like "ugh capra is too hard so unfair" but I beat him first time lol.
Interesting environment, has a lot of potential. However the Boss Battles are both boring and frustrating at the same time. Gave up playing the game.
since i started playing this game my life was in turmoil,had to uninstall it everything settled down for me.can't explain it.like it was evil.
My boyfriend loves this game he begged me for weeks to get it. Thanks to Prime day it was possible!
It's like reliving my childhood except that when I shake and aim the WiiMote it actually matters to the game. This and MarioKart are my only Wii games worth playing!
Only to find I couldn't finish the tutorial. It's pretty embarrassing to realize you've spent good money on a game you'll never play.
Wasn't in good condition. It freezes at random spots, quite annoying really. I give it 2 stars just because I like the game -3 stars for the freezing.
Go watch a movie then press menu and select the scene you want to watch it's the same as playing Sega cd games only the Sega cd versions have terrible sound/video quality.
Terrible, horrible, very bad. May be the worst game I ever played! I despise it and it's just no fun at all.
Not for adults, OK for kids A little boring but a game is a game I played it any way
I have a 5 year old daughter, is this game easy enough for her. She loves to dance and loves mario.
This is just not a very good game. Worst one I have bought for nintendo 3ds. The action is terrible and you end up getting lost 90% of the time.
I didn't really like this. The songs were already on the PS from either unlocking or adding manually and you have to put the disc in everytime. It doesnt load automatically to the game.
Everybody who has ever bought this game felt they were shorted. At least that is what I've heard and that was my experience.
One of the funnest games I have owned. I love the codemasters series and if you like this I would recommend Dirt 2.
Alpha 3 is my favorite,but its always fun to play the previous games. Think about it: There would not be Alpha 3 and these current SF games without them.
I remember watching The Simpsons episode where Bart steals the videogame BONESTORM and wondering what it would be like to play that videogame. Bulletstorm would be that game.
Unfortunately this game came to me used and had the Super Mario label on it but it was actually some weird bubble helicopter game that looked like it had graphics from Atari....
I'm not really sure if I'm playing Call of Duty video game or StarWars.MWR is good though. Thank god.
Quantum Break is an incredible experience but it certainly is hugely disappointing at how much it turned out to be more of a walking simulator than an action game.
This product was defective even before I bought it. Look up reviews for this PC game elsewhere before you buy this garbage. DONT BUY!!!!!!
Instead of it being a $60 game, this will increase the price to nearly $100, for updates that use to be free.More EA greed
got it on time but don't like the game
I was very happy how the game was brought in fast shipping. Cd was like new. So was case and manual. Looking forward to buying from this company again.
I have purchased a lot of singstar games they are all great. There are no issues with any of the CD's. Buy them while you can
The game had potential but instead is more frustrating than fun.  I bought it cheap so it's not a total loss of money since I can sell it for most of the money back.
this game is perfect  in the xbox one , the grapics the continuos action , i feel some patriotims when i played
This game is THE defining game for the PS3 (so far). If you don't like this game, something is wrong with you. You just don't like great games.
it doesn't stay up, constantly falls apart, the playstation 4 games don't fit in the slots. huge let down
I bough this game for my boyfriend because he used to have it and he really really likes it so when he got it he was happy so I'm happy he's happy
It's is one of the best games I have ever played I can't wait for number 4 to come out
Great games, great value.  Beautiful graphics.  Just finished the first game, moving on to the second.
No wonder this game is GAME OF THE YEAR.
nothing on the sellers part it was just the mechanics of the game.
Maybe its just user error but I did not enjoy this game.
Fun game lots cool missionsGraphics cool one my favorite car,plane games!The game was sent fast had no troubles
This game wasn't fun for me at all.  It was to hard riding the bike and it's just a boring game overall.  Planing to trade it in for beowulf.
i bought this for a friend as i already had the games all i can say is that i highly recommend this game
Great artwork and engaging gameplay make this game really fun to play for a few minutes or lose several hours.
I love this game. Plays great,was great on dilivery. I play the game often. Thanks again for the game Learn more how to play.
Every bit the game I expected! Goodbye endless hours I never had in the first place!
The console version allows offline play and has no auction house - negating the reasons why I didn't buy the PC version. I love this game and find it very addicting.
Best horror game I ever played this generation! I love it
Great game the kids and I have spent many hours playing it, even after well completed the game 100%.
Does not have all paper included in normal new games. Price of this product was reduced additional 21 dollars after I placed my order!!!
This game is unbelievable. Plenty of action and lots of fun. Literally, you can play it for hours and never get bored. You gotta get this game!!!
The graphics doesn't look much better than last gen black ops2. The gameplay sucks. This game is second worse cod next to ghost! !!
I think it was a great idea to bring to the game cube so all fans can enjoy this series. Thank you very much, great game
I hated this game.Was bored after the first 20 minutes and it never got better.Couldn't even finish the game it was so bad.
Like most games the difficulty level is absolutely ridiculous. Need a game that non experts can beat.
Good game, might be a new twist to the RE series but something has to change to keep up with all these new shooters...
I'm a big fan of one Shooter games and this one does not disappoint . I do my walkthroughs on nanaswardiaries.blogspot.comIt progresses easy to hard . This old Bird really enjoyed this one.
Realistic players and my son loves playing this game for hours. He would skip eating if he could - real soccer nut.
This game was so great that the servers were shut down 3 months later along with the company tanking.  Very good game.
Hmmm not really my favorite game. The first one was better, I just feel like this was a lesser version with more stress inducing puzzles
This is the card for people that are addicted to video games, might just happen to be refractory with their opinions, very captious of any criticism, and prissy.
Game locked up on third mission.  Could have been the CD's fault.  I'll probably try again.  Goood game when working correctly up to where I got.
Might well be a great game but it doesnt function on my new windows 7 with logiteck extreme 3d pro.
A fitting end to the Donkey Kong SNES era. Was never a huge fan of Dixie or Kiddie Kong but this IS a Donkey Kong Country game so you know it's going to be awesome.
Great fun in the online and offline modes. pretty easy to pick up online games and make friends. Fast cars and good sense of speed throughout the game makes for good times.
Great game to continue on with the franchise that started with Nintendo. Graphics & story line are wonderful for the RPG gamers of this new generation
It has a good chance to slip off the controller when playing a game (u might b aggravated)aggravated
I haven't played it more than a few hours, but just not my kind of game. Boring as hell.
Stinks.  I thought it would have more pinball games.  A waste of money.
If you're a collector, or a diehard fan of this game, or any kind of fan of this game, you would most likely appreciate this set<3
It's personal preference, but I just didn't enjoy the games.
motion controlls don't work game play is fustrating
$50 for a 15 year old game that was remastered just a year ago.No.  Just no.
I don't like Xbox, the games are mostly shooters and it gets annoying to deal with. I've grown to dislike microsoft.
The quintessential stealth action game still holds up even today.
This is a very fun game but i feel like it is too short
This arrived opened and the PS button is stuck along with the right thumb stick pulling hard downward. Plus, it truly looks like someone was eating donuts while using this to play a game...disappointing.
My kids played this when they were young, but they're almost teenagers now.  This game collects dust on the shelf.  We need to pass it on to a family with younger kids.
It felt like something was missing playing this game. It was a great game but it is not as good as the first one.
Rpg heaven for me honestly. A lot of love went into this game and it shows bioware knows how to craft a good rpg.
I wanted this game for a long time so I ordered it and it and the third party provider sent the wrong item. I never got the game.
Love the new aspect added to the ps3.  With a few games, the new motion controllers and camera we have been playing all night.  Recognized the camera right away and without any issues.
Like this version better than the 4. Strange huh well sims 4 sucks the removed a lot sims 3 is my game!!!
I wanted to try this game, since it was 0 dollars, but the download didn't work, took forever. I don't know if its my computer or just the game download.
I like tennis game. This game will be hit. Also I like tennis stars who shown in this game. This game is fun and joy. Everyone will like this game who playing video games.
Mostly just for novelty.  The game wasn't that good
I personally do enjoy this game. The game looks gorgeous & I think it has alot of good moments. But it can drag sometimes with it's story.
The AV cable that came with my PS2 seemed to have shorted out, thankfully I was able to get this one so I can play the Chrono games and Final Fantasies.
The maps are huge. There are secret missions that are very good. The quality of images are absolutely stunning.It's the best game I've had since the onset of the first xbox
I thought this game was better than COD but it turns out COD BLACK OPS FTW!
This is another game great for younger kids. Any child that likes toy story will enjoy this game. It is fairly easy to play and fun for the younger group.
This game very boring and there's no horses in the game. The pictures of amazon was lies
Finally was able to play game last weekend. Played great, picked right up where last one left off.
Got this game put it in my Xbox 360 and it said disk was unreadable so I tried cleaning the disk put it back in it almost worked but got the same message returned it for a refund
one of the best gow games it is amazing action filled and fun of course and i would tell anyone to buy it asap
Nice character illustrations and its a great interactive play to collect and also link the cards to the game.
Bought the game at gamestop but still, its a fantastic game!
The controls are terrible!!! I don't know how anybody likes this game!! Graphics are crappy as well.
I was expecting... Something different. Like Age of Emipres 3 or something. The graphics are pretty sweet and the gameplay is okay, but I got bored with it quickly.
New to the ds series but this is one of the best games I've ever played. If you're having a hard time, I got some advice for ya; git gud
I got this is game before the date thank you
Had a blast with the old N64 version.  Pretty much the same game with added features and better graphics.  Great game.
The game is boring. I loved the original this is just too much color and sound. I miss the original.
This game is a generic arcade style game. It is boring and repetitive. Knowing what I know now, I wouldn't have taken this game if it was given to me.
Love the game can't wait for the next one.
they  worked for 2 games than quit working they were junk!!! was told they were in case came in a bag!!!!!
So incredibly fun, classic gameplay with some new options, and the 200cc is nuts.
big big fan of the diablo  games wish they make a real movie love the game ty amazon...
Wish I could give this ON LINE ONLY SCAM a minus star but will have to settle for this. PLEASE GIVE US OFF LINE PLAYERS A CLEEER WARNING when the game is "ON LINE ONLY"
yyay ! another sims gameboring... takes up a TON of memory card and it's the same as the first one
I got the game quickly and I love playing it. Watching the videos on youtube do it no justice, if you like action and strategy games this is for you.
an average game on what's becoming a below average system.  system was a mistake purchase, paying for it now.  Not as good as wario incarnations of the past.  very boring
Horrible Game! Waste of money! Had high hopes for this b/c of previews. Story was good.....gameplay was outdated/horrible!
Good game in the absence of other sequels to GoldenEye or Perfect Dark. A little too cartoony but good game none the less.
Had to obviously shell out on the Deluxe Edition to commemorate the first Final Fantasy on PS4. Great game, not the old format of FF games, as it tires to be more hip.
Ripped me off for 50$ no manual but still a great game
I thought this would be a much better mistake than the game on the PS3 I was wrong it's still bad.
This game is difficult to control at first but nevertheless a good game.
I ordered this version, a US copy of the game, and received an unusable European copy. Do not order this.
Used them for 5 matches of Call Of Duty MW2 and just didn't do nothing to help my game out! It was worth a shot for only $5.00 may work for you.
Did not enjoy the online to this game.
Our son (9) loves it..... as he loves all pokemon Nintendo games! He can't wait until the next one is on the market!
The game cannot be played w/o the actual "Wonderbook". So, it is useless, and a rip off.
Not as good as the original, but overall a fun game. Worst thing is the lack of DBNO on insane difficulty.
2.0 out of 10 starsBroke already. I would. Not a regular gamer and it still broke.
This was the wrong game for this machine, but it was in  Rey good condition, games ordered for a co-workers son
EA made a fantastic game with Battlefield 1. Campaign was a blast to play, multiplayer is quick and easy, and the new modes for multiplayer brings much needed excitement.
NCsoft closed all servers, can no longer play the game. Shame, as it was kinda fun.
I love SRPGs but this game is quite overwhelming. It's not a terrible game but not for me. This was my first Disgaea game and I have zero interest is playing any future releases.
Works great reminds me of having the old N64 again. We have used this with a linker to play N64 games from download on my Wii
Bought the game used and it loads very slow I'll be driving and it won't load any part of the map but I like the game
Not the best of the battlefield game series, online multiplayer sucks I have only been able to play 3 matches online in the past 4 months I've had it
GAME DISC DEFECTIVE! This game freezes. It's NOT the Nintendo. It's definitely the game. All my other games play fine. I threw this away.
The game is not cool it is not callngin like the odd parnts game bay that.
I didn't realize when I purchased the popcap games that it was strictly hidden object with no storyline.  This is definitely not my type of game as the storylines are what make it for me.
The graphics are awesome and so is the overall feel of the game, it is arcade like but still fairly realistic and very fun!
Horrible game, I really hate to be timed to finish the game, doesn't allow you to explore and for an RPG this thing is not even close.
but hey that is just my opinion, the game is not what i expected to be, neverthe less i could sell it for the exact amount I payed, then there was no loosing for me!
Any body gives this game a five star rating is boarder line retarded, seriously! I can't even begin my gripe on this game. Stay away!
i needed a new copy my original copy was dead. fun game.  works on windows 10 if you enable directplay
game was mediocre at best. not rushed just not well made.Play dishonored or old thieves for better game play in same style.
Graphic seriously flawed and out dated software.  I was not even able to even get started with the game due to the issues.
It's a complete snooze fest of a game.
This is a really boring game, and I like Transformers. I wish you could transform your vehicle into a good game and replace it in the Blu-Ray drive. That would be great.
I can't believe the games some places play with cable prices these days. Nice to see someone with a fair price. Worked as advertised!
Game has amazing graphics and is a very good story line to it. Got addicted within minutes of gameplay
I just finished this game and I have to say this is one of the best games I have ever played. This is a must play for any gamer.
Great game! My daughter loves this game.
darn game shuts my computer down every time i play it
my blutooth does not see it most times and most of my pc games that do see other's will not see this.
It is great to play doom with a nice controller instead of a keyboard but what makes this Doom the best is the music! All redone and adds the perfect mood for the game.
i have always liked madden games, but i found this one to be hard to control the players.  and it lacked in graphics.
I bought this game for my daughters birthday she loves the game and plays it all the time.
Makes it great for my son and I to game together!
Got it for my nephew for xmas hes gonna be so happy, its one of his favorite games!!
This game was the lamest game I have ever gottan for the PC. I'd rather get halo 4 or call of duty black ops 2.
I rented this game. I couldn't even finish the campaign, it was that terrible. Multiplayer was generic and unbalanced. Not worth the $60 price tag.
This is a must have if you have PS Vita and PS Plus...free games can take up a lot of room.
the game is crappy and unfair the hunters always spot you and kill you no matter where you hide
I Got this game two days ago it was so awsome. It is fun playing as crash the best thing yet is the two player mode.
Excellent game!! If you have played previous versions this is one is going to absolutely impress you.
Its a great game i didn't really like it at first but keep playing and now i just love it its a great story
This game has a great concept, but so much lamer than the second one. Kind of boring in all honesty. The graphics are really bad and cartoony as well. Not a great purchase.
This is a great color for a game console controller. I have three Dualshock 3's - one black, one satin silver and one white.
For a old game , it's great , very hard missions .
Senrankagura has a lot of game modes and goodies in this special edition. PSvita does not have that much games but this one, you should buy it as soon as possible.
Thoroughly enjoyed this game.  I have played it several times using different names to see how proficient I can get.Challenging and an enjoyment.
It is just a ripoff of Skylanders everything is like the same. And it doesn't even work. When I bought it none of the characters worked. And I always give games goddess ratings
the play areas for battles were very smalland not ur typical stratagy game units always respawnGOOD TUTORIAL WALK THROUGH
I had fun with this game for the first playthrough but after that i felt very little reason to play it again.
You've got to rent,it's the only way to protectyourself from stupid games...And this is oneof them.
I got this game when i was in 4th grade and it has stuck with me ever since the game is amazing nothing else to say
Perfect game.  Fun, just perfect challenge, and fun for all or alone.
This game is amazing.I played it every night for months without ever getting bored.Trust me this is a must buy !The AI director is such a genius idea...
I don't personally like this game and should have researched it before buying it.
This game makes me not enjoy wrestling games anymore , when they continue with the new way the gameplay is
i thought it'd be too small but nintendo are really smart about this I guess, most games take up very little space.And the card costs a bunch less than most other cards.
games ya gotta love em lmao but anyway works like it was expected shipped quickly worked for what games work with a controller on a pc its perfect
Perfect, bought for our daughter and she loves the Disney Infinity game, and all of the characters.
Pretty good game. I had no problems at all. And yes, I have it installed on a Windows 10 computer.
Worst game out of the Series. Just awful. I don't know if it's broken. or just made that way. Also the Romance. Was horrible.
i love Snoopy but this is a terrible boring game.
great game... played it so much the first night that i went to sleep and woke up late for work the next morning
Best game ever. Great graphics and realism plus lots of adventures. Worth every penny. I love the Arena, the gyro copter and the Shangri-la.
He absolutely loves this franchise and the tiny man in the skirt is his favorite centerpiece. I think making Collector's Editions for almost every game kind of diminishes the effect, but to each his own.
boring game i couldn't continue playing it, nothing in it ... keeps u wanting to play it... i stopped at chapter 1
Love it, a little easier so I don't get frustrated like I do with harder games, I bought more like this one.
Digital download  not  a DvD.....? Keep it, I'll be  playing  my PS4 and wait till Ripoffsoft decides to bundle actual  games. ATM I'll  kill time playing  Fallout
Nintendo is a kids company on the level of leap frog and Splatoon just reinforced that fact.Good for children bad for real gamers.
Really this is a bad game. It has good graphics but horrible storyline so look for this if your an idiot.
game freezes and i have to start over.
New game, got here very fast and reasonably priced, im pleased.
this game sucks do not buy it stay away is they only thing i can tell you and just get 4 for they xboox360 or they PS3
I check the case and double check the case but the game I bought didn't come with a product key so I can not play it.
The joystick is nice for Mario Kart 64. In Super Smash, not so much; it is difficult to not sprint in the game. In Donkey Kong; it drifts.
it's a really good game if that's what you into.. I play it all the time just wish I had more time to play
Im not a huge fan of the Beatles, but the game is fun!! singing old school songs its amazing and i have a lot of friends who likes them so LETS START THE PARTY :D
We have these little cases coming out of our ears.  My daughter should be really happy with so many.  I think she has enough for whatever games she picks up over time.
Open world game, i liked it. No expectations before purchase but after playing worth a shot
very nice and unique game at first, then its the same thing over and over and over again...
I love this game Katy Perry's California girls is on this game love it and so many other good songs
One of the best games I ever played and played and gained all achievements and played more than two times.
Great card with a lot of space! I have filled up 40GB so far with lots of PS1, PSP, and PS Vita games. Good product overall, no issues at all.
This is a puzzle game. If you like puzzles get it. If you want scary watch the Exorcist.
I love it. OK story but really awesome multiplayer, which is actually the game's selling point.
Monster Hunter Tri fantastic gameplay very hard to use the Wii nunchucks and remote recommend to buy Wii classic controllers but otherwise 5 stars.
Great game that expands on some of the cool things that were in Brotherhood.  This is easily becoming one of my favorite series.
Excellent game,,,, first class in character action genre....
The game itself ran and was fun but it had multiple unexpected crashes. Make sure you rent this game before playing it. However, it was a great deal.
I remember playing this on an old 3.1 machine! You will have to have an older computer or be running a virtual machine because this old game won't even load on XP for me.
My son and I sit for hours playing this racing game together, it is a great game and lots of fun
This game suffers from low resolution and low framerate. This is much better on the pc. Get the superios pc version.
while the graphics are ok the game is highly repetitive and unnecessarily difficult. May be worth renting for a couple of days but not to buy outright.
Excellent game, very entertaining, enhanced graphics, the price is good, highly interactive for all ages, waiting to come out in 2012
I like the game but don't like the fact that it didn't come with the cover page and booklet.
Hands down one of the most noir games on PS2, the story line is just incredible. Controls are a bit wonky but, you can adjust them if you need to.8.5/10
paper mario color splash for the wii u is the greatest video game in the universe a true classic the best of the best paper mario color splash for the wii u rocks ^_^
Dear creator, please end my midterms so I could drown myself in this amazing game.
Puzzle Mastermind versus Courtroom Genius. No player of the two series' should miss this game.
I got this game, it was a really great game last year. It's a remix of Dynasty Warriors 3. It's an expansion game of Dynasty Warriors 3 until 2 years later.
Nintendo always had horrible party games, Look at Mario party. This is their second attempt at it and they did a bad job. This game is so boringbye
was blown away by this game so far ,did not expect it to be so interesting . this game fell between the cracks or something. you have to buy ,you will not be disappointed
The rating is 5 stars for a reason. This game Tom Clancy's splinter cell blacklist is really cool to play there is absolutely nothing to dislike about the game.
I really wanted to use this case. Seemed perfect. What was sent seemed to be a previously returned item. It did not have the as advertised plastic game case and enough of the stitches were loose
a great game just as good as the first one. will keep you busy for hours with your friends on 4 person splitscreen.
Seasons passes, we pay for a game, pay for game time, pay for use of xbox live or PS plus now they want to rip us off with the likes of this.
This game was amazing back on the day but is better now.  You can easily install mods that update the visuals to a more modern level.  Incredible!
The best game ever made. Mario and Yoshi. I love that you can ride a dinosaur horse ;) 90s teen classic. Great condition.
Great graphics and atmosphere along with some interesting game play don't make up for the bugs, lack of content, and missing features.
Nowhere in the description said that the game was Europe servers only. I like in the USA and was not able to play with this.
This is my first Kirby game and it's fantastic! Looks great in full 3d, controls are easy and smooth and the music is awesome!
My seller was great but game was terrible.
Ok game. Never really got into it.
Kids loved the game.  It worked fine.  Many hours of enjoyment!
I was excited to get this game until I loaded it and it wouldn't run properly with my Window's 7 oper system
I like the ambient and the "snuff" theme, rockstar develops the best games!
this game looks like the best motocross freestyle game ever made the graphics are amazing and its all freestyle thats awsome this looks like a game that every gcn owner should have.
my granddaughters have had many, many hours of fun playing this game
Either DICE wants to rob you OR rob you. game sucks! its like a beta of an unfinished battlefield game with a starwars theme,
So disappointing. I don't care that there isn't a story whatsoever but the gameplay in one word, is just plain: BORING
this is fun although have not played it in a while.  this 2 disk set is pack with the amount of action and graphics that games could have in the day.
Where can I start;This game is not an RPG.It's a dating simulator with a tacked on RPG.Save yourself the trouble. Don't buy this. Buy Persona 4 instead.
The last two or three years have sucked for the WWE franchise. They have ruined the character generator, and that was the best part of the game. No more WWE for me.
beware the scammers on this site. I never saw this game and lost money >.<
The game is boring, the plot is weak, the action not engaging.  A better purchase is Spec Ops: The Line.
Really fun game. The lighting and the graphics are some of the best from the PS4 so far.
Great songs and great dances. My daughter absolutely loves this game.
not much of a game if i have to start all over again. There must have been some kind of glitch when I played it or something
I played this game a long time ago, I heard it was going to be re-released so i bought it and i was happy with the results and the game is awesome.
Are super buggy and mess up the game play!
Like many others I like this game for the same reasons they have already given.  I prefer games that give scores because there is more of a reason to replay them to do better.
Frame rates dip below 60 frequently and the code for the 3rd game expired at 2012 for all physical copies.
I was expecting a better quality game for all the hype
Its still the good same ol game but can be played on alot more consoles good story line as well buy it :)
Only the box came. If bought from Blizzard I would of gotten the game with working code.
bad controls. I felt like this game was a resident evil rip off.  Traded it in.
Don't waste your money. Boring, trivial pursuit in a Mario game
If your a fan of gears of war, this game is for you. If not wait for a sale.
Have been unable to play game. Crashes on startup in Windows 8.1. System requirements do not mention Windows 8 or 8.1, I should have read more closely before purchasing.
A must buy for doom lovers  awsome game play!
I bought this for a friend.. everyone loves wii fit.. I have spent countless hours trying to get my yoga positions right.. its a great game and potential health utility.
Has same problem as other copies of same game. Locks up at same point in all of my copies. Would not recommend.
Well it was one of the last good FIFA games if you ask me, I played the Jeevuz out of this back in the day.
A sequel to Dynasty Warriors. In 2001, I never saw this game before. But it has a DVD PS2 disc. More like Kessen, and Samurai Warriors.
almost at the end of the game it frozens
This clearly was a rush job.  It seems more like a Beta release if that.  This game is not ready for prime time, so I would recommend passing until they fix all the problems.
Did not like the game at all. Played a couple hours and sold it back to Amazon.
Multiplayer is awful and they just take old things often past games and do a trash job any implementing them and ruining the connotation of them and ruining the experience.
I love pokemon! (alpha sapphire is my fave tbh) great game ^-^
Bottom line This is a 19.99 game or less at the most sold for 60 dollars need I say more. No need to talk about all the content missing from this game.it's all over the web
I love having these because you can do all of the little secret things in some gamecube games if you have it. (Wind Waker, Animal Crossing, etc.) It's definetely worth buying.
dont waste money or time in this wackiness, bad effects just doesn't compare to any of the other games out there really not worth the time or money
Good games if you like shin megami tensei this is at least worth a shot
I did not care for this game very different not my type of game, but I gave it a try.
Short hop dairs for days as Lucina. Sucks it doesn't work for other games, but that's Nintendo's problem.
the game works on ps1,ps2,ps3 and playstation emulators with no issuesmy first copy stopped working from playing it SO MUCH!!
A horrible game that features all the top stars of the defunct company and no ring whatsoever.
This game came ready to load out of the box, no scratches, dents or dings. Loaded well and has been played and beat by my son with nary a problem.
One of the best looking and playing games ever. Excellence in in finest. Love this game and highly recommend it to anyone
Great game; new story update, re-vamped graphics, more in-game content, more legendaries.
Terrible game. Keeps freezing again, and again, and again, and again. Went back to BF3. Avoid this like the plague!!!!
Son says it wasn't as much fun as he thought it would be when he played it. Has a lot of XBOX 360 games so he seems to be an expert..
bought as a gift, my son loves this game.
All these harvest moon and Rune factory games are very cute. and they are great games for younger children, no blood, guts, kind of violence.
Kids asked me to order this older game...they still love it!
Never got it downloaded to play this game.  Tried to contact someone at Amazon, but to no luck
Uh the new heroes are pretty fun but the new maps and game modes kinda blow walker assault would've been better
Had a great time playing this. Graphics are ok but its all about the gameplay and how open the world is. Every playthrough is different and going through without killing anyone is a great challenge.
Didnt work on my snes, but did work for a gamecube.
i don't have a lot to say except that the game is frustrating and dark.i know this is not helpful but i just wanted to express myself.
Dont plan on playing this game if you don't have internet connection at all times! Thats right single player requires full time internet too!!!! UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!
Good deal if you are interested in the games it provides and don't already own them.
I liked it for a bit. The game voicing is not that good, and the multiplayer is online only, and the servers for the online mode are no longer up.
my son enjoys this video game and had no complaints
This is a great game best one on the wii bowling is so fun and a great deal.
There's so much copy protection on this game that it won't even install on some of the systems.  Have fun trying to get it to work.  Thanks EA!!!
this game is borring its only for little kids i have all 3 jak games 2,and3 are good but this game is for little kids whoever likes this  game is stupid buthole
This was the first version of this game I played.I'll love it forever.If you have Windows 10 it won't work.
Not good. not good at allOk storyTerrible mechanics and gameplay
I played this as a kid! Good game!
What another waste of time thanks Sony just keep bringing the garbage. Just and another cinematic game .
Good game, could be better but it's a classic
The design is spectacular, and be able to connect any stereo headset gives too much reality to games. I recommend it.
I have a geforce 470 and the game crashes after the intro video. Very little support is easily available and there has not been enough acknowledgment of these issues by the developers
Stupid game. Run, jump, shoot, wack.
I did not like this game at all. I loved Rev 1. It seemed to me to be fewer enemies and was just boring.
Best souls game to be made... Sadly it is the last and there seems to be no DLC coming!
RE6 is a okgame but not like RE4 BUT I'M OK
Great graphics. Little slow to get into a server at first but it's getting better. I love this game.
Awesome game and amazing story and gameplay. Totally recommend this for everyone.
When I am updating it .It always stops at 53% and I am unable to play the game .Lost my money :(
Monotonous, boring and repetitive more than any video game ever... Chase monster for 15 minutes or run from hunters for 15 minutes... Over & over... Absolutely worst gaming experience ever.
Love this game!  It adapts to your gameplay so it is different every time you play.  Join up with some friends and it never gets old!
i loved it the story line is cool so get one of those if you like pokemon its a great game
Very realistic game with an awesome soundtrack. Is a true classic.
Lots of fun. The game itself is fun but if you started before all the DLC and expansions it was too pricey. I would just recommend getting something that has all the expansions on it.
if you like scary movies you'll love this game my daughter is very happy with it and thankfull on how well it was taken care of and how fast they got it to her
It looks really great and I didn't play it a lot just a couple of hours but the gameplay and graphics looks good I like the game
Great graphics and endless fun makes for a great game.
A foolish purchase---It was a USED copy and  the Authentication Key was already used.  I could not play the game..
Everything a superhero game is not:Extroadinary Mechanics and Gameplay,Lush Graphics and scenery,Full of Decisions ,and Buildups
I bought this game for my son and its not very fun, even for super nintendo. Too hard to get anywhere without cheating
I wasn't a fan of using the touch screen. Cool game and stuff, just the touch screen for everything turned me off.
I really wanted to like this game. I love Ghost Busters, and Bill Murray, but this game just didn't meat expectations.
I played this game and it made absolutely no sense - maybe if it was Yaoi or something it'd make it worth playing. But I recommended Devil May Cry 3 anyday.
I use to love this game and after purchasing this one I found I still do. The game was of quality and is still working just fine.
Works great, really enjoying the game. Will be buying from this person again.
A threating note in game saying that they are in love with nigers
This game is too gory and weirded is the word if you like these kind of games then this is for you otherwise don't buy it
One of the worst games ever. Just terrible. The least I can say is its better than 2008 on ds.
although the ending of the trilogy was unimaginative and boring, the games were amazing and awesome
if you love I.Q. tests, training your brain and mental challenges these are the games for you
We waited so long, for this? The game is just one long aggravation after another. I believe the objective of the game is to see how long you can go without burning it.
The game came as described. This is a steal for a solid game.
nothing on the seller's part it was just the mechanics and online game play that turn it off for me.
not much to say its a card used to extend the game time of Final Fantasy works for PC and as I understand it PS3 also (since both are linked to the same account type)
The I am delighted with the game. Thank You
At least it was cheap. I lost interest in the game very quickly. wouldnt reccomend it even at the price.
One of the worst games created. What a waste of money!!
Love this game, just purchased 2016, can't wait to see the "new" tracks and cars!
Hi.I don't know if it's a good game. The Xbox one, just worked one day!
Disney canceled this game, so what is the point in having it?
Not the best game you gott a have a pretty much powerhouse computer to play it without lag
Usually love Pop Cap games.  This one was a mess - nothing enjoyable about it!
worst Resident evil game... Platinumed the game then traded it in...
Don't expect anything less than the absolute worst customer service ever! I have played Bethesda games for 10+ years after having to deal with their customer service it ruins the whole deal!!!
want an amazing survival horror game then this as good as they get. in my opinion way better than resident evil
The story is interesting, but the game feels as a expansion pack of devil survivor 1, and the demon collecting formula of shin megami tensei... after many games... really annoyed me to death.
this game is fun i love it my kids love it to thay bet it in a week thear gamers.
this game lacked everything that fishing fans were hoping for. It felt like i was playing bass pro 64 no wait that was better!
This game is so bad, I don't want it anymore, this game it doesn't support Logitech steering wheel, I will never recommend this game.
I play this game and I like it, but my wife loves it and cannot stop playing it. I am glad we have this game to play together and have a lot of fun
The game play is kind of complicated, also, you get an interminable chain of fights that makes the game quite monotonic.
Publisher NCSoft kills games. Do not buy anything from them. Do not waste your money, and certainly don't give any of it to them.
it is a fun game e for every won right RONG IT STARTS SUPER EASY THEN ON LEVEL 36 IT GETS ULTRI HARD IF YOU WONT A EASY GAME GET SUPER MIRIO DS..
gameplay becomes tedious, comedy is excellent but some fights are more what you would expect from Dark Souls not south park. overall has a similar feel to the stick of truth.
I am now currently playing this game. I luv it, but the only problem is I cannot stay away from it. Love it, would highly recommend it to everyone.
Get this game as simple as that. You're missing alot if you don't play it. This game is so unique and addicted!
Great game! I spent a total of 487 hours on the base game itself without completing everything so money is well spent for me!
My grandsons like flying this Supercharger in the game.
Best game for 3DS. Only if you enjoy Adventure, RPG, even JRPG.
my daughter had one like this so I bought this for my son.  It is a great way to keep his games safe
If you're a tales fun, buy it, if not, don't. Skipp able tales game
Not my favorite game.  Not good shooting experience.  A little hard to move the character where you want them to go.  Hoping the 2nd game is better.
We just got this game in the mail today and both my kids love it. A nice bonus is the older Skylander figures also work with it.
Terrible game. Pales in comparison to the Cd-i series.
why do the ai cheat and draw their gun before the bell rings ubi soft does not know how to design games.
Unfortunately after a few uses by an avid gamer who knows how to care for his gaming equipment they stopped working entirely.
I would give this game five stars but there is no single-player at all. Skyrim was the best game ever but Bethesda forgot to put a campaign in which is a massive loss.
Not much to say. There are just too many other better games out there.
stupid game play gun is impossible to aim steady waste of money got rid of it DONT BUY THIS TRASH
i was dissapointed with this game and its lack of fun theres no gun upgrading like re4 and 5. screw this game.
Loved the game so glad I could get it and play it I had such a great experience with it and it even arrived early!
Amazing game for any transformers fan and even those who are not fans of the series should enjoy this game, great graphics and gameplay along with nice history makes this the best transformers game ever!.
great game,could have had a few more levels. pirate's curse had a better story line. all in all agame to be picked up.
I bought this as a gift. It worked with the Xbox 360 and allowed the system to accept Xbox games.
Amazing game. It have errors in the voices but only there not in the menu or graphics. I liked this game.
This game is great! You play hockey,fire cannons,ride a shark sub,a manta ray,and fly in remote-control plane! It also includes the demo of Crash Team Racing.
The kids love a lot of the rabbids rabbit games this one was difficult to play and hard to get it to do what you wanted
no japanese audio, basically a re-release of previous PSP games.it would be fine if it was a bargain price, but asking 60$, english only - ridiculous.world of final fantasy I liked much better.
I bought this game for Christmas and recently I could try and not work the first disc, I get unrecognized. They sent defective product.
I bought it to go with my complete set of Transformer video games for the PSP. It went well with my set.
this game doesn't had story just online !!!!maybe the game good in the online buti don't like it so much .
I love this game it is great and so much fun!
This game sucks Avoid at all cost. Bad Controls,Too dark Textures,Low frame rate, Bad graphics. Gameplay is awful. DON'T BUY THIS GAME.
I like the PS3 version a little bit more, but still, an excellent game.
This was touted as a hidden object game but it is NOT.  I didn't find it appealing at all!!
This is a very exciting game play. There is great for exploring, lots of worlds. Interesting characters, and fine animation. A great RPG!!
boyfriends item by far his most favorite game in his library!
I loved this game sure there were a lot of bugs but still i think the game is worth it. A Tomb Raider Fan must have!
I have played htis game on the PS2 and Gamecube so I played the wii version and it still sucked guess you cant make a bad game do new tricks and good gameplay.
I can not get past The Braddock Expedition until the controls are fixed.  This game is bugged!  You have no way to control the character to do what you want him to do!
I'm sure this is a game with rich and rewarding gameplay. But the start of it is so slow and boring I never got to that part.
Right thumb stick is broken and it's only 5 months old!  I game only a couple hours a day.  I've had 360 controllers for years that never broke
Great game.  Arrived in excellent condition.  Like the origional, a hard flight sim.  A lot easier to be killed than to kill.
One of the best games ever made top 10 rpg of all time
looks and is in really great condition, works really great, never a problem do I have when I play this game, thank you very much for this game!
Not sure why Amazon links to some of these vendors.  The BASSPRO site has the game and gun bundle for $40.  Amazon prices are good.  Vendor prices are out of control.
A foolish purchase----it was a USED copy and the Authentication Key was already used. It was completely impossible to play the game.
This game is hard. I wish I knew what the other mickey game was thqwt I used to play. But at least the game works. Quality stuff good price.
This is the worst battlefield game yet. Just too much bad to mention. Steer clear if you prefer to have fun while playing your video games.
Not what i was hoping for! If you're getting this game get the console version. Way too easy.
Somehow game crashes after playing like 20 minutes, tried with a fan in the back and it takes a little more to crash, has to be something with cooling.
very little guidance during game, not sure where to go and if area was completed constant clicking in same area before it recongnises that it is clicked
I loved this game. The best part is that it comes with most of the DLC you would want after you complete it. I suggest this to anyone who wants a crazy fun/silly experience.
this is one of the top games of my childhood i wanted to own again and since my ps3 is backwards compatible i have the means to play it again.
This game is so much fun im glad i bought the ultimate version cause the extra players is awesome and im not a huge gamer..lol
If you think this game is tough, try some of the earlier ones.  This one is probably the easiest so far.  But it's great.  Matchmaking is better this time around too.
Dumbfounded by all the praise of gamers.  I hated it.  The combat is nothing special, and the plot is ludicrous.
This review is like game: short .Ok, gameplay is good and graphics looks fine, but not quite to justify the cost.Bad movement made by Konami, really strange, they lost my loyalty.
Hours of fun with this game.  I was hesitant with this purchase, but really pleased in the end.  Lots of fun for you and the family and/or friends.
Nothing really new it's the typical Metal Gear storyline. This game is full of repeat bosses that you have to fight again. The graphics are good and the free environment was awesome.
They look really good. They cover the buttons and make the analog stick difficultTo push all the way to the side. Some games the character doesnt run unless the controller is pushed all the way down.
The game came uniqely wrappedbut once opened I realize that it was the wrong version for my ps3slim this I will have to return
It was damaged when I got it, the top flap doesn't stay in. It is also a little difficult to remove the game cartridges.
Thanks for making me buy an attachment to play the game nintendo.
this is the first disgea game I've bought and i loved it!! will totally buy the other games. totally worth it
The game looks blurry and terrible, and there's no mouse control. Worst version of the game by far.
Love ALL Harvest Moons!  Fun game play for a grandma!
I hated this game so much I threw it in a fire and flushed it down the toilet.
Lot of games for the money but were not too much fun to play. The grandkids liked most of them though.
awesome game for any guitar player of any skill level
Excellent price for an excellent game. Looked brand new
5 of my friends and myself have bought this game...it only works for 1 of them!!!THis game constantly crashes for my friend that it works for! WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY!!
Very fun game to play.  If your a fan of these games then you won't be disappointed.  Some of the missions were very long but i'm not complaining.
Requires high levels of hand-eye coordination to win "boss-battles". Too much arcade game for my tastes. NOT like Skyrim.
My son loved this game.  Very nice and entertaining for the children that comes around to play with my son.
I'm not a big fan, it's too childish and the graphics draw distance is all fuzzy and looks bad. It's very immature game and I rather the old Nintendo version
Garbage, but if you wanna play a football game this is the only one.
I love this game. I am still figuring things out, but that is the fun of it all. Recommend highly
If you have a PS3 and you don't have this game, you have committed a crime against the Sony god and he will soon smite you unless you buy it now!
the first game was a blast, this one is repetitious in every area the same zombies and yes you go back to the same areas.
Great game. Lots to do with plenty of laughs. Not a serious game at all but I.didn't mind that. Not a game for younger kids. Well worth the money.
I had some trouble figuring out how to get Fate I on my computer but that's on me. The price was amazing and it arrived very quickly. I highly recommend the game and the seller.
Overrated and redundant. Visually stunning game with less than skills than WoW.I think I may be burned out on MMORPGs. I didn't really play for more than 3-4 hours after purchasing it.
Very disappointed in this game as it was not at all what I was expecting. ..didn't really enjoy the game play
this game has a lot of really good reviews but I don't think mortal kombat should be a 3d game and the chacters have very little moves get injustice or mk9 instead
I love this game! I had it on GameCube and had to get it back for XBOX! This game is awesome!
The games were ok for my kids but i did not like it i thought it was a waste of money not really much to do in my eyes but they liked it
Hulk has been my interest since the TV series. I devoured this game. I like that fact you also play as Banner himself as he tries to avoid transforming. The hulk is not helpful sometimes.
it is an old wwe game from thq, that is all you need to know.
the connector stoped working after a few months of moderate use by an average gamer, also starts to hurt your ears after about 3o mins of use
Not that fun of a game. Story mode is easy to blow through, and without paper instructions for combos, the game is kind of useless.
DO NOT PUT THIS INTO YOUR PLAYSTATION 3 BACKWARDS!When done so correctly it's a great game.
Wow. What a great game! I bought this for the Nintendo 3DS
i love this game it is much different than the other socoms and i play it as often as i can
AWFUL game!!! Read ANY review online and they are exactly correct, PS2 quality graphics and even worse gameplay! Do NOT buy!
Paying to use a system and play games that you own is a sham. Total BS
DON'T waste your time and moneyIt is like games of 15 years ago, slow, not many controls and very difficult to play.
frustrating, stupid and missed the mark..love adventure shooting games but this didn't do it at all!...i do not recommend this game!
Great game. Plays like Destiny meets Gears of War. You grind to get good gear like Destiny and the cover system is like Gears Of War.
Gott rather boring and hard halfway through the game. Also the online part was SHUT down making it's offline part even harder. I stopped playing and watched someone else beat the game on youtube.
A perfect fighting game on the go! Better than Brawl! I really dig the Mii Fighter customization feature!
Awful rendering and extreme screen tearing a horrible frame rate make this game unplayable
Nothing like upgrading your Xbox 360 with a hard drive to be able to do more things on some games or have more storage space for apps and or other purchases.
seriously what were they thinking, lets make the crapiest racing game ever. how did they make any money on this. the game sucks :(
My son loves playing this game along with his friends on XBox.  He would definitely recommend this to other gamers.
The combat in this game is lacking, the main characters kind of a jacka**, and I found myself never wanting to look at it again.  So many things could have been improved on.
Awesome game !!! If you like Lego and Jurassic park and dinosaurs you will like this game. Challenging yet fun and cool graphics and game play  happy customer
I loved this game, the suspenseful story are great, the characters too !!! i highly recommend to play this game @@@
worse game ever for online game play  .do not waste your time on this horrible game
My favorite Fall out game so far!  Great story line, classic bethsda game play,  cant go wrong here.  Plenty of missions and things to do  in this game.
I haven't used it a lot because I don't have any friends to talk to on my ps3 but used it in multiplayer games and it works really wellHaven't had a problem
I love the Hitman games. How many games can you choke someone to death with a piano wire and change into thier cloths after you hide the body?
dont buy waste of time the worst game i haved played soo far graphics suck and the game is jus boring
I bought this game preowned its going back as fast as I pruchased it. It nothing but another arcade shooting gallery for wii.
still playing the game.excellant game play,story and grapics. lots of action and the open playing aspect is just great. i highly recommend
It is a cute game but pretty silly and I don't think it works well.  At least it didn't hold my attention for long!
I can understand if you're a Mortal Kombat fan that may be a bit upsetting, but it's still MK, a good fighting game, and a great port.
Two words: it sucks!! I sold mine on eBay and got some money back. EA makes some good games and why they'd put out a stinker like this is beyond me.
Everything seems to be fixed I purchased this game and have enjoyed it very much best stronghold yet. Online play is awesome!!!!
I haven't managed to finish the game but it arrived on time and plays great. Not as good as the original Pokemon Red in my opinion but it's a great new addition to the series.
I love all the Grand theft auto games! The freedom to run around and carjack and kill anyone you want!
I enjoy adding this game to my collection of Virtual Villagers games. They're nice if you like simulation games. You just don't get in a hurry when you play these type of games.
Like the last south park game but somehow even dumber. Oh and the gameplay sucks bad really reaaly bad. i mean it do not buy this trash
Spent alot of money upgrading my computer to play this awful soul less game. Biggest disappointment ive ever had with a game very upset washing my hands of square enix after this one.
This game is annoying, stupid and pointless.  I played it for about an hour before being bored and having no desire to play this piece of garbage ever again.
A PS4 with 2 excellent games, it works perfectly!
the graphics in this game are gorgeous i literally don't know how they did it on such an old console
Extremely fun and exciting game just like the show
I placed this game on my personal top ten list. I really loved this one. Replaying it over again right now.
It came unopened just like a new game. It also had the manual with it.
fun game to play, easy controls, sometimes a tad frustrating when you not told exactly what to do. game came as described and works wonderfully.
my wife and i love this 2008 version of hoyle cards.  it would be grrrrreater if we could play each other or play as partners against the game players from separate computers over my home network.
My son did not like this game at all.  They talk in some kind of wierd language which was very annoying.  He wanted to trade it the very next day.
The online play is a stupid joke. The campaign is fine. The picture shows how fun the game is.
Love it ordered 2 one for 3DS games and one for DS games!!!  I love how they keep the games dust free and all together!
This game is terrible. The combat system is non-existant. You just watch your ships fight.
arrived on time but .......... I don't like the graphics, I don't like to give bad reviews but don't spend the money unless you had played this game before
it does as advertised. i have no complaints aside from not being able to find all the games i had as a kid
Worked perfectly to extend my PS/2 controller. We don't like to use batteries/wireless with our game system and this was perfect length.
Halo 4 is garbage. The last good Halo game was Halo 2. Halo 4 is a pathetic ripoff of CoD.Black Ops II is garbage as well, but at least Zombies is fun.
Kids just love this Nintendo game.  The characters are a "hoot" and it becomes addictive (in a nice way.) You'll enjoy it!
i love the naval combat in the game. sux it randomly corrupts all saved data. oh well Assassin's Creed Black Flag gave me the naval combat fix that this game made me want.
I bought this for my daughter as a replacement for her lost game. She asked for this game specifically because she enjoys it so much. She highly recommends the game!
Best fighting game out there if you a huge dragon ball z bodukai fan this is a game same attributes just a bigger fighting arena most get
Garbage.  Sorry, I can't bring myself to spend anymore time on this review.  I've already lost 30 minutes of my life to this game.
This game was kind of boring throughout the story. It was never exciting or drew me into the game, more of a start and finish type game.
The game is good, but still NF facing issues with the driving experience, and I was waiting to see the interior style for each car, but as usual I didn't see anything
Fair. RTS only. Not for those with a Civilization bent. Misunderstood as a game where time isn't a factor. Peace
The company has shuttered it's servers leaving many parts of the game unusable.  You can not complete this game.  This would be a great game if it could be played as intended.
If this was 15 or 20 years ago I would consider this an OK game but I was expecting a lot more out of PS4. You should be ashamed.
At the time of this review I have about 12 hrs into the game and still can't find a car that dosent feel like I'm driving a bus.
The game is awful and the amiibo functionality is dumb and works against the portability aspect of being on a handheld console. If you want the Amiibo, just buy that, but avoid this terrible title.
Code not working lol.This game is dead on arrival
COD and GTA are the best games out there!
This game was made from the ground up specifically for console! Thank you guys for this quality game!
One of the better prince of persia games. i wanted to keep playing this one and it was a lot of fun.
yikes... final fantasy fans beware. this game is awful.
no manual or code key, game useless.
so hard to play games with. Cheap garbage.
this is just an awesome game.  great story writing, the graphics were top of the line when it came out, great voice acting and a smooth game play.  its fun every time
I bought this as a replacement controller. This controller is so much fun to use and it is the perfect controller to learn how to play video games with.
This is the best Lego game ever!  At least since Lego Star Wars, Loving this game, getting very close to 100%!!
All high quality figurines, so that even if you're not interested in the game play aspects of the Amiibo, it's still a nice collectible :)
Save your money this game is garbage. Graphics are something a 2 year old came up with. Not to mention all the performance issues. Hopefully we get a new game soon because this was terrible.
This game isn't as difficult as other puzzle games I've played but it is still fun. It would be an excellent beginner game for someone just getting started on these types of games.
Game lacked content. Poor effort. Should have skipped a year to make the game right.
Got it only for the founders code. Make sure you put it in the game backwards too for an extra gift!
Great game, highly recommend it if you're a souls fan.
One of the most terrible games,I played on PlayStation 4. I was hoping for a good game,but I was wrong. I will not recommend this game to anyone. A big waste of time.
My order didn't even include the game disc, just the two cases
Bought this for my daughter said it is the best game in the series. She loved it.  Arrived in new condition shipped promptly.
Awesome game, turn off the lights and play at night to get the full Horror Effect, in my opinion the only way to play the game. Great story and fun time~
Nice game for the fans of this type of games.
I bought this game for my six year old Grandson who plays flag football for his school team. He loves the game and carries it everywhere.
Nice game. A lot of fun to play through, and the story was interesting. Music was good, controls were good, and it was a lot of fun playing it.
all my kids love to play this game all night and have friends come to play it as well. p
Both my son and I love this game. Its one of my favorites because there are so many hours of game play!
its online feature is a bit updated, but solo mode is still super fun to play, a good game if u like RE series
A must have for any fan of the series or fun games in general!
My granddaughter plays this game a lot.  She enjoys the Disney Princess Series and this keeps her occupied while on trips.
So they should state your not getting a fully brand new game. they have already opened it and just slapped a sticker on it saying its new
The amiibo figures are great, but the game is horrible.  This package as a whole is way overpriced.
i already bought one in gamestop and now i got one for my brother so we can smash bros together! excellent controller
Much easier to use on MMO's and Steam games then a 2 button mouse :DThe seller was great as well will definitely buy from these folks again! :)
Good game . Grandsons enjoy. Over year old and they still pla with.
Really love this possibly my favorite next to the first game!
Not buying these crap games anymore. COD4 was the only good COD. I'm done handing over money. Take a hike. I'm playing Battlefront
broken game, predictable story total mess stay away till at least they patch the performance issues
Received the game a day late and the code for the dlc did not work. It was already used somehow despite being new. Don't waste your time on it.
Poor graphics, difficult controls, poor quality sounds, less than stellar abilities game does not play well very miss directed. I am displeased
The game is OK; but I accidently ordered the wrong one.  I wanted Wii Sports Resort.
the game is really boring not what I thought it would be its a overhyped shooter in my opinion just like the rest of the mainstream shooters
The graphics are good but the gameplay totally sucks!!
Gift for someone that was looking for it. They loved the game as far as I know.
I got this game 2 weeks ago man Am I glad I got it Cheap this game is really boaring not fun easy to beat and the person setup is terrible. this is not one to buy.
Very good came on time great game seller is the sosa games
pretty fun game! we have only played 4 player so far but we like it!
Mini games here are somewhat repetitive and boring in my opinion.  Not as good as the worlds and games in 3.0
So It took me awhile to really get on the Sims 3 train.  Without any other expansion packs, the game gets boring pretty quick.
You CANNOT customise hotkeys in this game.  Blizzard has demanded you use the ones they set for you.Review will remain 1 out of 5 stars until a future patch makes the Hotkeys customisable in the menu.
This game would be fun if it sized to my screen properly. It adjusts to the far left and I can't see everything.
Within ten minutes this became my new favorite FPS. Super fast paced and sharp graphics. Only real challenge was some levels are pitch black and you can't really see. Part of the game though.
Pretty far game for the little PSP. Surprizing little game for it's size.
Perfect game for going son, or any Pokemon player.
My 7 year-old son loves this Wii game. We bought the Wii balance board to go with it.  I would highly recommend this family fun game.
I love skate board games but I played it once and never touched it again.
Awesome, best choice in games ever, but if you are going to buy it, make sure to buy another controller at least!
Haven't been able to play this game once. Watched the opening cutscene about 10 times before I get a server error. Garbage. Last time I'll buy a ubisoft game.
For anyone who loves RPG games mixed with an anime theme, this game is for you!
this game was simply a vice city in LA there was nothing really special about it at all.  i would not even recomend renting this game
i bought the game it only worked the first time then it didn't want to work anymore the shipping was fast but very dissapointed because of the game . thanks : (
Dear atlus please make a sequel to this awesome game!!!!!
This game is basically the equivalent to pooh stuck on your shoe.. If you're into that kinda thing, go for it.
My living has now turned into a full blown arena for Kinect Sports. Nice game from Microsoft Studios
Best game, but similar to Mario Kart 7, only i say the DLC are the best new stuff for a Mario Kart Game
I ordered the wrong game but overall everything was as it should be
This is absolutely one of the coolest games since Zelda Ocarina of Time and Final Fantasy VII.Great art great controls and Great bosses. Wish more people would buy so they would make a sequel.
great graphics, but too much information to learn before enjoy the game. enemies re-spawn too fast. no story. heavy button-press input.
Great game has the flavor of the original but with killer graphics
I cant understand this game. sorry I got it to hard for me.
I think this game is a fun game.  There is cool shortcuts throughSan Francisco.
Game cheats, horrible controls.  Typical Nintendo pattern of making a game cheat to substitute difficulty.  Whoever wrote this game and released it should be jailed for consumer fraud.
you like games take my word for it all of sony is junk.buy a x box or gamecube
Got this game because I love hidden object games. This one is more of a card game than a hidden object game. The second game on the disc is more to my liking.
best online game I played back in the day
Amazing game. Love the statue as well.
This is definitely the worst game I ever owned.  I have been playing games since the 2600 days and I rather play Combat by myself then take this game out of its case again.
Love all the Nancy Drew games, lot of action, intrigue in all of them.  Highly recommend for mystery buffs.  A must for Mystery Collectors.
Fun game. Kinda reminds me of the game's  I've played  on my tablet depending on how quick you finish the stage will if you get all three stars
The worst disappointment I've ever had playing a game. Do yourself a favor and stay far away. I love the alien franchise and this was just a huge slap in the face
Unique and great game. sequels are fun too, but when this came out it was something else.
Pretty disgusted at the lackluster attempt on this game. Theres virtually nothing special about it to explain the high price tag.
Boring and the levels are dumb!Every walk around collect game was better than this one!!! Seriously don't waste your time or money
So many fresh ideas.  The hardware was pushed to the limit... prob one of the best looking NES games.
Great game until you hit the glitch in episode 8, WHY DOES EA PUT OUT GAMES THAT HAVE glitches shame on you!
very fun game. really like it. easy controls and lots of blood and zombies and bikini clad heros.
the crystalis gameboy color video game remake is the greatest video game remake in the universe a true classic the best of the best the crystalis gameboy color video game remake rocks ^_^
Diablo 3 meets Startship Troopers. Absolutely loving this game.
This game has plenty of games to play so you don't get bored with them. My husband has his favorites and so do I
You can never go wrong with a Mario game. Playing it on Wii is just all the better. I love how you can get so much more involved in the game.
there's no just race mode so you always have to mess around to get into a game. the game itself is very hard as you must constantly follow someone to pick up speed.
This game isn't even fun, if you want a challenge go climb mount everest, fight mike tyson, run a marathon all of which would be easier than playing this game.
Made to make you think ur playing COD and it cant be further.  Terrible game, ruined the MOH franchise!
I have the PC version not mac, but this game is awesome! never gets boring always something new! It is so cute I love TS2!
I don't have to worry about space anymore this is great....o(^-^)o I recommend it for Vita users that are worried about space. Maximum of a game is 3GB to 8GB.
very fun game, love the weapons, love playing online with friends nd other people. overall lots of fun
Love the game, great western rpg with good story and lore, and including all the dlc, really makes this a good deal.
Cartoonish graphics, very little excitement... just get Link's crossbow gun instead. It comes with a much better shooting game.
After playing the JUST DANCE games (which are a blast) this one is stale. It tries to follow the same pattern , but with country music and it just fails.
The game plays like Final Fantasy Tactics meets Shining Force, great story and gameplay. Never played any game in this series but it is easy to follow the stoty
When I tried it for the PS2 it is one of the worst games I've ever played in my life. It is very difficult and the music and graphics is stupid.
My 7 year old son loves this game!
really great game but the season pass does not contain all the dlc as eu and jp copies of the game
Not a bad jn game needs more levels and easiness to it.
Extremely fun and entertaining! Each game is better than its predecessor. I love this franchise! Can't wait for Uncharted 4 to be released!
Don't listen to the negative reviews, the game is original, fresh and addictive if you like exploration and discovery.
Missing the best game in PSIV, but still a great collection of them
I remember I used to play N64 games as 9 year old during 2003 ago.
game is too hard zombies rush you and you cant reload wepon or change wepon when empty not a fun game
Unable to load game. Would like to play it but it will not load so I can not give a opinion.
this truly one of my favorites..got alot of classic games that I spent alot of money on..I recommend this to anyone who likes to play the classics..
This game is a dull boring slog and should be avoided at all costs.
This game just does not flow as well as other games in multiplayer.
Unfortunately, my 6yr old does not like these games. I thought I had done a good job of researching, but he gave it his "poopie game" (i.e., lame), rating.
I reached a point in the game where it just did not go any further no matter where I clicked. I un-installed it numerous times to no avail.
I really enjoy this game, I also like the use of the finger sensors in the back!
My eleven year old daughter doesn't like this skylander to scary for her. The game is fun, but some of the characters she doesn't like. Seems they are geared for adults.
This game is charming seek and find with the added bonus of designing your own aquariums. A little corny, but the gameplay is fun and entertaining.
The left joystick was broken since i first got it, its facing down and moves the played down in 2D games and backwards in 3d games.
buy this game, its so worth your time. I've always had a soft spot for good western movies and Im glad I found a good western game.
Lame. The game disc is broken at the center, it wasn't reported at the description of the product, otherwise I wouldn't buy it. I don't recommend at all.
Fun, addicting game. Japanese audio and english text for you purists out there. Gameplay and graphics I give a 5/5. Check the game out, you'll love it!
u cant even use him in the game what is the point this is so gay
another classic that is great from nintendo so this is a most have fo collectors or fans of mario advance series i like this game is entreteining and nice
Very fun game to play and sometimes it gets addicting, I bought for my 9yr old son for Xmas. He love it
I'll never need another memory card for the game cube again. This is large, and it reads pretty well. Recommended
The best experience with seller I've had they upgraded the game to legendary edition giving me all kinds of bonus content. The game is very under rated I thought very good and the graphics outstanding.
One of my favorite parts of Animal Crossing is designing my homethe game is so fun !!!! I hope they bring something's from this game into a new Animal Crossing for the Nintendo Switch .
Wtf is this trash. This is the reason Kincect is the laughing stock of gaming. Worse game this gen. Give it up MS.
Fantastic game, one of the few games I beat and want to continue to play as it still presents a challenge and a lot of different playstyles with the DLC.
This game sucked, basically hold a and prey, it was dumb played for 30 seconds and had to shut it off why did I waste my $???
Fun game. Be ready for sore arms and use the wrist leash so you don't toss the controller when your flinging your arms wildly lol.
the trylogy of battle that an Assassin past on a game of suspense that allows to enjoy the game on today
Thanks to you an your employees. very much for sending me the game you all work hard to get the games out quickly. thank you all again
even though it was used the game had 0 scratches believe me.. 0 ! unreal how cheap i got it for
These game were great play i would play again and they were fun to play and price was excellent the seller was great fast costumer service i would order from this seller again
Should've read some reviews before buying this game. I like all the other GTA games, but this kind of sucked. That's too bad.
I can't let these 4 and 5 star ratings tell the story of what should be a 1 or two star game. Just another terrible madden made by lazy ea sports. One word. Monopoly.
weird game  didn't like this one  at all period sucked i don't know what the story is about  at all
My kids love this game. They play it over and over and have started several different campaigns. They love how thorough it is and how two campaigns can play out entirely differently.
Stunning visual, pleasant music, and wonderful level design, 3D Mario returns since 3D Land on the 3DS, this is one of my top five games of 2013!
This game is not my particular interest. More involved than i would like to have it. And easier less thought provking game is what I was looking for.
Piece of trash! avoid at all costs. The PS2 games look better.
No save game? video is ok and gameplay is same ol stuff?Player cannot load any saves cuz there is only 1 save LMAO!Not worth the money spent
I don't know what all you other people played, because this game is boring! I wouldn't recommend it for any gamer. Avoid this at all costs!
As time moves on the game gets more and more content, all for free. It might not have been worth full price on the release date, but it is by now.
I had not played this game for many years. Had to own this one again.
This is better then the latter MI games but it still sucks so bad it's laughable.
As expected from the A.C line of games this one takes what made the other good and improves upon it, with amazing storyline and nice new mechanics like the sea battles.
-Over the TOP Copy protection(DRM) / NEED internet for EVEN single player-No LAN support-Poor weak campaign-Poor campaign story-Just a pretty version of the original game
A sophisticated story line, weapons variety is excellent and i game experience is among the best
Best Console of its time.  Great games.  Great times.  I will never get rid of this console again.
... This game is so terribly outdated i can't imagine why anyone would play it. PEOPLE still play this game.... seriously....WHY?
Would not work. It was quite a long time ago but I recall never actually getting to play this game because it wouldn't launch on my pc which was new at the time.
Works well. Very happy. I just need more gameboy games.
one of the best games i have played !! started out with pearl before this and never finished it lol
one of the best football games ever. Better than 2k2 if the draft picks bug was fixed
My husband has been playing these games for a long time and enjoys them very much
If you have an old t.v. , even though it has composite connections, it will not play games.You need the "lcd" type t.v.
17 games....2 - Command and Conquer General and Expansion Pack8 of which aren't worth playing7 of which won't run on modern Windows platforms
Came two days later, game works great, would purchase more from this seller. Thanks!
The game appears to be used, came with a broken box and seems that was repackaged to appear to be new, very furstrating
Glitch at Denlau video surveillance terminates game on PS4
meh, not as good as the old school ghost recon games
Ok game but my kids are not very interested in it and they love super heroes.  Very surprised that they don't enjoy it more.
By far one of the best zelda games and it was quite a bit better on the Gamecube then what i remember playing on the Wii.
This game was boring and a cheap imitation of Assassin creed
I don't see why this game received so many accolades. I thought it was pathetic and boring. I disliked the controls and that was enough for me to dislike it.
Its like a platformed. no atmosphere like the old metroid on the gamecube. No 3d exploration. Play it if you must play every metroid
not a great game but was cheap and not a total loss...better ones out there!...this franchise has much better as well!
Great game in and of itself - very expansive with amusing characters and expansive worlds. Multiplayer adds another dimension of fun. Well worth the $20 or less
Capcom Classics Collection Volume 2 ;  great price for what my kids the those great retro games, lol
Story is very underrated, its actually a bit more on the brainy side so obviously most will see it boring.The Gameplay has been improved.You have more enemies to fight.And people still play this game online! Great sequel
Very solid and fun game, the mini games are all good!  For the price you can not go wrong!
All I can really say good about this game is that it is visually stunning . Other than the graphics this game is very lame and boring .
This product does not work with every DS. Absolutely ridiculous!Buy only if you're willing to have a very disappointed child when it turns out that this game won't work.
I love Mario Baseball. If I could leave it at that, I would. It's just the game I remember, and it was in fantastic working condition when I got it.
Wasn't to happy with it. Not enough to gameplay.
Awesome game for 3DS. The levels are fun and it goes right along with the movie.
Great game but lazy port by Bethesda. Pick up the superior PC version for cheap on Steam.
This game is a herky jerky POS and totally unplayable on an I7 pentium with 8gb memory.
Coordinating with a joystick, seems that the game is slow than I thought when only in flightmode. While in game, its like your digging into a packed storage, looking at boring furniture.
These are old games not new why is it on the xbox Fail
wow just wow. This is the worst smash bros ever. dumb down controls, graphics and gameplay. This doesn't even come close to melee.
The Eye Toy is old and tired.  My children quickly get bored with the truly lame games the Eye Toy offers.  Complete waste of time and money.
Love this game ,if you buy it and you'll probably like it
how do yo ascess the epansion 1 2 3  and the taken king in this game
Another cool playstation game . Lots of action in this game every one should own buy it fun for all
never got the package because it was lost but the game was awesome and i love it the story around it was just sweet . i loved every single part of the game it was well worth it.
I really did not think i would like this game. But, it is both challenging and fun. This is unlike any other game i have ever played. Worth buying most definetly.
This game is garbage better ask for a refund ubi got really lazy on this turd
Good game for those who want to play a classic game
High quality Official Nintendo product.  WiiMotion Plus is nice being built in - works with Wii Motion Plus games like Wii Sports Resort
Picked mine up from gamestop, and it died within 4 days of play. Their customer service was terrible. No more Sony products for me they don't seem to care about American marketplace anymore.
Awful game just awful! It essentially is a corridor shooter with very limited options. Just not my type of game and for that reason I can't recommend anyone else buy it.
it only has what 5 characters it is the worst fighting gameperiod i still play it=]=] =[ =[
Very charming and fun, motion controls are simple, pointer is simple, it's a great game for someone new to the Wii.
I understand they tried but i just couldn't get through the game. the controls were a little iffy and the story didn't really hook me.
Broken. Really nothing more can be said about this game.
Such a fun game. Since launch they have continually improved the game, released new characters and had lots of cool events. Olympics, holidays, etc.
Good graphics, but this game is not as good as budokai tenkaichi 3 or raging blast 2. It simply does not have the same mechanics and it feels like they downgraded with this game.
Great game. Classic and worth buying. Online corp. is useless.
Game is still broken and almost unplayable. Save your money, learn from my mistake.The gaming industry needs some king of oversight/laws to prevent companies releasing unfinished/broken games to the public.
I luv this game. He's cute, cuddely and funny. I like the egg and stuff. I don't care what you dumbo's say, YOSHI ROX!!!
I got this season pass and is definitely no worth the money for what is in this cd..Dividing the game in 2 is not fun at all.
The worst game EVER created! I wouldn't take this game even if someone offered ME money to take it.
75 years old  and love this game. Bathesda makes the best games.
Awesome storage case that holds a lot of games. I like that it can store both 3DS and DS games.
Good game, unsure of the exo boost just yet, but the campaign is good.
I have Escape the museum 2, entertaining. Although this game did not say it was compatable with win7, you can usually play them or download a patch. None available for this game
Love snoopy but the game is not as good as snoopy
Came in a brand new box. Very nice control and is an official gamecube brand controller. The white is very awesome got it for ssm: brawl, and also for upcoming smash bros. 4
I was disappointed after the first CSI game I bought some time ago. The with the first game, of this new set, never completely loaded the graphics and the second is inferior in the play.
Very fun game, also loved the little extra codes it came with. Anyone who is a fan of Zelda or the original Hyrule Warriors I think would love this.
Cheapest price for a code and it is one hell of a good game!
package was opened... Wasn't new as advertised, Ishould have returned this game but owell. The game is ok if you like 90's games.
Very popular game found at a very low price. The person I gifted it too loved it.
What a blast from the past. Awesome game.
well...its not TTYD :/ a miss from Nintendo. Please bring back the good ol' days of N64 and gamecube Paper mario
One of the best games out there. Only for fans of inmersive worlds and complex plots. Technically braeath taking, lots of fun combat,  dozens of hours to play.
This game was absolute garbage. 90% of the game is walking around London. I don't feel like even listing all the negatives of this game. Just know that it is very boring.
I did not like this game at all. However I love the sequel Burnout 2. I suggest you avoid this one and play 2 instead. End of story.
Game looks stunning in HD, a must buy and play.Would love to see this ported to the WiiU, but for Vita owners and past VitaTV owners this is a must own game in your Vita libaray
It seams all of u never finished the game it gets soooo hard that u cant stand it and u stop playing its vary annoying.
This Wii game is very disappointing.  The response between the balance board and remotes is either slow or non-existant.  Very disappointing.  The Wii Fitness is so much better.
Purchased for my son, he loves football, great game
There is a monthly charge to play online and game does not play offline was disappointed with the game not what I wanted at all.
Just trying to help people not waste their money on this.  As many others have already mentioned, the SERVERS for this game are SHUT DOWN and it is ONLINE ONLY.
This game is awesome but it's hard . The graphics are incredible . Really having fun with this game . Can't wait for the weather
garbage. I payed 12 bucks. wish i didn't. waste. There are too many games out that are just not fun and this game is 1 of them.
too much profanity, got sick of it after a while......tossed game once I completed it.
A must buy if your a Mario fan, protects the 3ds and the games very well
This is a fun game.  Kind of zen-like.  Really addicting.
the game came on time in my son love his games he cant wait to play it thank for the game
Not good at all. Nothing good about the game. Lasted about 10 minutes until I was bored. Maybe was a good game 15 years ago.
Great game.  Always a great time playing alone, or with my friends.  I highly recommend purchasing as a cool gift!!
its not the best controller bad d pad and midiocre sticks but u don't need anything better to play virtual console games in wii or wii u or old games on wii works fine
I wish this game wasn't so bad but it's the least compelling game on PS4
Good graphics! Tight control! Lots of action! I want more games like this (anybody knows any game similar to this?)!
For an player of Soccer game I highly recomends playing Fifa Street Great Styles of Free Style Moves almost like in real Life on the streets
It is a decent game! It is not what I was looking for, as Im into WWI and WWII games! Overall, some good graphics and some interesting situations
Amazing 5/5 best star wars game hands down, ill never reach a point where i cant play it.
Great case, plenty of room for games AND a charger.
I didn't like the combat DAO, but the game was still more fun and the story more engaging. I feel like this game was a rushed out money grab.
Won't work unless you have a very old version with side ports, recently purchased a refurbished unit,  does have the plug in socket for the game,no adapters available. Wasted 40.00
Epic game. A must have for any rally race fan.
It's really amazing mouse. I love playing video games.Therefore it helps me so much.I really play better than before.
Who wouldnt love this game? Like, cmon! Its mario!
I chose is rating, in my opinion It's one of the best game out there. Yes, I would recommend this game to any hitman fan.
I remember playing this game when it came out. i lost it after years of playing it... anyways its super fun!
This is a very beautiful, very artistic game with great play control and allot of action. I highly recommend it!
Really boring, the gameplay was too lame and the sequences were quite laughable in the wrong way, really bad game overall.
total waste of money does not make the game any more fun just an exuse to push more sony product
These games were a blast at first but my kids got very bored very quickly.  Not bad if you find it for cheap but I wouldn't spend more than $10 on it.
Without a doubt, the worst game ever. Poorly programmed, poorly executed, and ruined by EA nonsense. Now they have killed Maxis. This shows how terrible of a company EA is.
i got this game for my son he love it and it got here fast thats what i like this game is good for kids
I thought it would make a remastering of the game. the graphics are too low to play it on the ps3...
lousy checkpoints times, first person platforming and repetitive game play do not combine well. This game sucks.
Great graphics but the game is as long as this review
Great game for my husband.  He really likes it.  Can play for a long time.  He plays all day, and night.
this game gets real old and slow after a day or two. i want more from a game that what this is.
I like Poke'mon, but do not buy this game! The peoffesor runs the whole thing, Pikachu never listens, there is a time limit (...).  Be smart, don't buy it!
Crazy good game.  I play for hours.
Great price and great games. I really enjoy the games and the great system. It is the perfect system. I love it
Awesome game play. Awesome interactions with other players!
Best control ever, If you game a lot be prepare to buy this at least ever 6 mos. But it is worth it. Way better than a Scuff Controller at a better price point.
Great weapon selection, long playablitiy. Various ways to kill your enemies. AI is very interactive and makes the game challenging but fun. Would recommend this game.
I downloaded this game and it does not respond. Don`t waste your time downloading this game junk.
Great game and ending to the story.  Found it very fun and very hard to put down once started playing.
My wife loves it. It is a fun and physically active game for the family. Good song variety - lots of newer stuff and good variety of older hits for older folks like me.
The memory card met my expectations big time. Even though it shows fifty something gigs in the vita it's still big enough to stores digital games and saved game data.
this game is pretty cool, the only complaint is maybe too many cutscenes but i love this series, can't wait for mgs5 the phantom pain
Game makes a horrible noise and screen freezes after only playing it maybe 10 times tops. Very disappointing. Love the game, hate this copy of it.
Son is very happy with this game.  Brand new in box, factory sealed.  Plays as he expected.  As far I as I know, he is satisfied.
love that they made a remake with better quality and its cool that they added all three games not just two
The single player campaign is WAAAAAAAY to short. Not everyone can afford a high speed internet connection. The single player campaign should be AS important as the online game. SHAME  on the devlopers!
i know this  is a great game never got it but i hear it fun to play and scary  wait on the new one
Great gameplay - updated graphics!  I missed this series - so glad they brought it to PS3!!  Wish they had included Deadlocked.
Very great to use for getting cheats nd unlocking stuff in my games very useful
It is not the games fault but my own, windows7 is not supported by the game!!! I AM SORRY ABOUT THAT.
Lives up to the expectations for a mystery tracker game-love the pooch and keeps you going for hours.
Fun game for the family. i like it
The disc was in poor condition. Failed to be read by gamecube
I don't understand it, but my kids love this game.
Good product. A must have for gamers alike.
Awesome game never a dull moment with this one. Suspenseful and captivating, This game is for the real gamer.
the game it self is ok. the game was scratch free and case was in good condition
All the Lego games are awesome! Love the teamwork involved.
This game is way too difficult and complex. No way to reduce the difficulty level, either. Would not recommend for people who aren't expert gamers.
I've only played it about half a year ago. Really great game. The disc was in top condition, maybe just good, but it never failed on me.
not worth 50. returning. in bad condition. im not just paying for an intact sticker. I want a non-damaged game. your product descriptions shouldn't go by the label alone
For once theres a mario game that doesnt make you want to punch someone in the face! No stars anymore too!
I rented it last night, and it bites.  The graphics are horrible, and so is the voice acting.  The game isn't even that fun.
I didn't like this game when it was called Mirror's Edge, and I don't like it now.Horrible game play.
The game never worked... kept given error on files - tried over and over, finally gave up.
Easy to set up and use - just plug-and-play, really. If your guitars aren't working just reset the game and it should fix itself.
This is the most boring game I've ever played.
poor gameplay and graphics. please play a real shooter like KILLZONE.even being limited edition cant help it .please "limit" its distribution to masochists.thanks.
I played the gears war 2 and it was really good that why i go to buy this because mostly i like third person shooter games
As noted by other reviewers, the game box was poorly designed so that both DVDs arrived loose and badly scratched. This reflects very poorly on Microsoft.
Amazing God of War game, spetacular graphics, characters and story, this is a must buy, a highly recommended game !!!
Quite possibly one of the best games ever made
great remake of the old ruby and has good story and it is fast past and if you played the other Pokemon games then you will like this one.
Let see, Run Jump Shoot, That pretty much describes the game.Didn't do a thing for me.. I tryed it,It just didn't rock my boat.
Bought this game, and it does not work. Game installed fine and computer exceeds system requirements, but it simply refuses to run: "error37".
Very boring, repetitive, and if you like to do 100% sections you'll get cutoff when part of the story of the game gtets in between.
This game stinks, why would a company want to publish a crappy game like this?  a total waste of money.
Love this game. Last time that I played MGS was ps1 era. Yes, been a while there but this is way awesome due to graphic change and more
Epic game, entertaining, has a good vibe like the old PSX RPGs, really enjoyed this one...
I myself am awaiting this game to be rerleased i have played the demo From the Xbox Demo disk i get and i think that this will be one of the best games of 2004.
Nothing against seller. Everything good except the game itself is not fun.
One of the most repetitive games I've ever played in my life.  Just poor.  Nintendo needs to stop allowing rubbish like this on their consoles.  Brings the good name of Nintendo down.
great game didn't get alot of publicity but still a great game very gears of wars esk but with swords check it out has multi player to beat campaign with your friends
I love this game. It does glitch sometimes but not often enough that it's annoying.
I was able to play my city once... and only once... the game crashes when trying to load it after the first time playing. Pretty lame.
A+ fun game and good and speedy seller. A+
This was Sega's handheld.  It was big, clunky, hard to see, had terrible sound and not many good games like Gameboy....hence it's dead now.
Would of been a four star review but 2k closed their servers deleting all of your SINGLE player save data, definitely never buying a 2k sports game again if they don't fix this.
I'm very happy I get the game as expected, met with the delivery time are very responsible seller, my thanks I'm pleased.
Disappointing  Solitaire Overload had many solitaire games but the graphics and the fun of it compared to other games that are ds was simply disappointing.
I loved playing this game because it allowed me to play from the perspective of my ancestors in a way even though he is Mohawk and I'm Cherokee and Apache.
Excellent game that is great for all ages.  Excellent for kids as it encourages them to be creative and think logically to design and build what ever they can envision.
SQUARE ENIX should make a PARASITE EVE Action Adventure using DUES EX game engine, and if a film gets made the studio should cast AMBER HEARD as Aya Brea!
2 games did not work. But later on I got two more. I think the shop sent them. Not sure.
Been a COD fan since COD 3, this is just as bad as the last 3 call of duty games. This has no campaign and the multiplayer is terrible. 0/10
I bought this on a gamble, thinking it would be fun to play, but it is confusing with very little documentation on the game play. I am done with Rockstar Games.
Amazing game, beautiful graphics, perfect racing game.
Awesome game! Very creepy, Resident Evil style game. I would recommend it to  any gamer.
This game is more geared to a youngperson in my opinion. It seemed to be more cartoonist. I personally did't care for it.
i like the story line. graphics are outstanding gameplay is smooth and i think its the best max payne game ever. rockstar did a great job at bringing max back.if you have not played it get it
Like incomplete games? Well here ya go!
This game is no good... I cannot save at all. So every time I start from the beginning.I would like too return this...
Not the actual game from ps3...its a phone copy that hangs and plays like games from google play...
I love this game and my kids love this game.
I bought this game based on the reviews, but, it's very dated and not fun.  I wished I'd payed attention to the dates on those reviews, because they were from 2010.
enemys cheat and never reload wepon  and the  game is unfair whenver you its 5 against on  every time you fight 1 bad guy the others hit you in the back thats chicken s*** unfairness
this game was really boring, and was not what I was expecting for a Nintendo game, I would not buy this game for my kids again..
The game looks fine, but it doesn't work.
Compared to all other wolverine games this is clearly the best. Other reviews are correct. This is one game that will always stay in my collection.
It might be a good game but I may never know - it won't work with my system - Windows 7!!!
there is no game on the cd, i have to download it from Steam which is 8 gigabytes i don't have.
Unfortunately 343 Studios and Microsoft released a game that wasn't ready to be released. Extremely unfortunate as a Halo fan.
This is my first Mario golf game. I'm enjoying it. The courses are gorgeous, and the graphics are too. I recommend it.
If you like resident evil 4, don't not buy this game.
The graphics are not up to par with current next gen games. UBI soft servers are always going offline. Terrorist hunt mode is fun
Terrible just terrible. I returned this immediately after I found out how broken this game was and how weak this console was.
Picked this game up as part of a promotion. Can see how it would be fun, but it just isn't my type of game.
The game works perfectly and everything came in prestige condition. Love it
I like to take advantage of all cool hardware features the vita has, and this game does it. it is very addictive and you are going to have so much fun playing every levels
Grind fest, with no story.  I'm sure you can find a ton of bad reviews for this game.
The game didn't work. It wasn't even recognized by my console.
my son loves this game and of course AMIIBOS!!
Somewhat amusing dialogue but the gameplay is simply awful. The design choices for control are abominable.
Really good game I highly recommend to everyone that like first shooting games. Graphics are good, story line is grate. Just got a have patients to play this game.
Can't play this game as it runs very slow and does not load up on my PC...shame cause I know it would be a favorite of mine!
I was in the mood for some nostalgia, but the game won't save. I have to start over every time I play it. I'll still play it every now and then
lousy game too hard not enough room to store items you need  in box enemys toohard to kill repetitive backtracking unfair boss fights don't waste your money on wii games their always to hard and fustrating
each mission in this game is a new challenge you have to meet the graphics are incredible for this game
I was really looking forward to this game and I  REALLY Wanted to like it.. But the graphics are sub-par the controls feel jerky and the story is just Ok..Maybe wait for a re-boot
I love the original story, and this game was even better. A must for everyone!!
Awesome game, graphics are so good, i love it.
Me doughters love this game, they play it all day... and really make them sweat. Its a great game to make your family move, dance, compete and have great fun.
the game is terrible ill be sure to sample a game before buying lesson learned!
This is a great game to play with for kids.  My son got a copy at the library, and then
Christmas gift for my brat... So I can't rate because I don't play the games-lol!
Great game but you have to pay for more content, which is understandable. However, DLC is killing the gaming industry.
not enough games.  room still too small.  never used item.
Older guy rating a kids game so consider that with my review.  But, I didn't get this game at all.  So, this one's for kids only.
Outstanding game! The characters, the voice acting, the storyline, I like the whole thing!
always a fun game.  loved the upgrades and decorating.  annoying at times like the rest but it was still very good
Its a great update for the new system. I don't like using the 3d to be honest but I don't on any of my games.
Very nice learning game for children. I found it to be a bit educational also. Great game for young children and wii game beginners.
If you play call of duty this is a game for you just like any other game it improved graphics and game play
This game came on time and works great, as I expected. It was new and I can not complain about the vendor TY ....
Classic Nintendo system from Mario to double dragon enjoy all the classic nes games right here. ..
If you're a fan of the old Hitman games, this new one will NOT let you down. I can't be more clear than that. Nice graphics and gameplay.
Adding a little height to your analog stick allows some of us gamers to "fine" tune/minutely move or strafe without over compensating as before. Gives a more precise targeting for FPS games.
it sucks don't waste your money and time trying to play it. this game game makes my brain bleed.but try and see for your self
Gave as a gift and tried to play once.  Recipient said it's not his kind of game.  Have away
The best MGS game in the series. It is a great game to see Snake in his final mission. The game plays like a movie, and the gameplay is packed down really well.
The Lego Batman for the Play station 4 is great for any child that likes Lego games.
could of been so good but game controls suck.Seller did well however.
Bought two of these to save games on xbox 360 great product for a great price no complaints to say
Jawdropping graphics, amazing story telling, unbelievable fun! The BEST GAME EVER! The Uncharted franchise is the best one on the ps3. Buy this game, you won't regret.
-camping, camping everywhere-spawns are terrible, I'm being shot BEFORE I EVEN MOVE-Maps are too big-customization/perks are confusingThis is one of the worst games I've ever played.  This is not fun
that is a vear hard game ever single one bart game  snes and gameboy r vear hard  al go back bart vs juggernauts on game boy advance sp
EA is ruining gaming, stop buying their games.
One of the best ps2 games ever and now I own it again!! Thank you! Fast shipping and awesome condition!
I will have to agree, the entire game was terrible and the controls, fun, excitement, and depth was lost.Do not buy this version.
This game play is fun and exciting and the graphic design was excellent. The sound was cool. All level plays were interesting. This game was good.
Do not buy this game if you don't have xbox live.  It's a blast and the graphics are good, but you can beat it in a few hours.  Rent it.
I ended up having to get games digitally. Disappointing.
game wasn't worth buying. It really sucked. I didn't like it at all. gave it to the children to play.
A really weak game. We enjoyed the Udraw stuff we've had until we bought this. It's just really, really bad.
Love it. It's an awesome game. He loves it!
Wow just wow. Nintendo needs to step up. This is a step backwards in the series. Nintendo needs to get with the times. Repetitive game play and not a lot of variety.
Greatest game I've ever played, the dept of the story is crazy
Buy it if you like martial arts, opened world and/or action games.
Great storyline with exceptional graphics. I tend to buy Alawar games and this one did not dissapoint. Recommended to all Hide and Seek fans
These Uncharted games are absolutely terrible.  Bought this for Bloodborne and future exclusives if they ever come out.  I have a feeling it was a bad investment...
I played most of these games growing up. I feel they have not aged well and were better for the story than the actual gameplay. I'd rather just watch them as a movie, unfortunately.
Its funny game! I highly recommend it to my friends! But Can somebody tell me why I stuck every time by playing online? This is the only problem I have now lol.
I don't know if i need to give this game more time but so far it sucks
I am a HUGE Walkind Dead fan but this game is just plain boring. It's so repetitive and the graphics are terrible. I would avoid this purchase.
amazing game but rated m for a reason. not for little kids. very enjoyable and if any of you like open world games then this one is for you :)
I purchased the game, it loaded but does not play.Re-loaded, to no avail.I recommend looking for another game for entertainment.A six pack of beer will give you more entertainment for your buck.
My son loves it and unlocks two additional games too
Very fun as a game and tool. It is actually really useful for designing homes and landscaping. I did not realize how technical you can get with home design and landscapes.
Read all the great reviews of this game and made the purchase, but not at all impressed.  Yes, it is very creative and original.  But the game play is tedious and not particularly engaging.
this game is a real classic and it was great to play it again and have it for my collection
One of the best soccer games out there. Way better than FiFa.
Great game.  It was worth every penny.  Perfect graphics, music and story.  Perfect amount of challenge, but not too dificult.  No problem with installation.
Not especially happy with this game.  It is somewhat unorganized and feels thrown together.
I love harvest moon. However, 2 seasons in I just put it down. It lack the pace,band development I was use to in these games.
I had a review copy of this game ,I don't care it what it looks like,BUT story and crew mates I do care about..this game don't have a meaningful feel to it
One of the most underrated games in the series, very fun multiplayer with friends; as well as great nostalgia!
This is the definitive xbox 360 strategy game. If you purchase this game you willRegret the hundreds of hrs you will loose loving it
I spent 480 000$ and I'm really close to TX, amazin game!!!
My 5 year old loves him some sonic, he saved up and ordered this game with his money. He tells me it is awesome daily and is glued to this game.
Such a disappointing sequel.  Play Bioshock and Bioshock Infinite, skip this one.  Really boring game-play compared to the original and the story is bland.
I like this game but i would have liked it better if it was more like the arcade version.
I love fighting games. This game is so much fun. I enjoy playing it from time to time. Especially when I am bored is when I play it the most.
Decent game for the whole family at a good price.
The game was not what I thought it would be. it was ok
Super mario 3d world is so fun, it's completely entertaining for the family, I bought this in amazon and I think it's the best game I had ever bought from amazon.com!!
Game works great, amazing story that brings back childhood memories, i love it!!! Awesome game to have that is old school.
Great game, awesome plot, lots of fun, not too dated. Compares well to the 3rd version, which I just finished.
I've really enjoyed these games and I hope I see more of them in the future... you have fun and learn something too
When i ordered this game it should come Mature 17+ not britch
As usual, great game, fun, and hey definetly raised the bar with this one, much more realistic and harder. The only thing that bothers me is the voice changes.
Fun game and the mics works with ps2 or ps3.
Great game. This is a great mixture of fantasy and Harvest Moon. Love it.
Had a problem with disc all my other games work fine not sure why. Fast service though.
Lifeless world, lack of freedom, boring main character and story, weak gameplay. There are countless open world games that are better than this over hyped title.
I bought the Xbox One and a few games for my two sons and they love this game.  They play it non stop.
how you get to charge $50 for a broken game with RNG issue is beyond me.  this game is unplayable.
Great console, plays games, movies and free online play.  BUT you have to buy the HDMI cable for the best graphics.  Preferably the Sony HDMI cable.
My teen loves this game.  Plays it all the time...
The quality of both game and case were better than i expected. Definitely no complaints on my end at all.
I have gotten 11 games this this last month so far this has been my favorite good graphics great fight moves camera angles stay pretty on cue. I recommend for those that like hack and slash.
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban a great game to play if you are playing alone. It is fun doing all of the tasks ans getting the spell books.Was this review helpful to you Yes No
Waste of time.  Lousy graphics and does not save on xbox. Even Gearbox could not help with save problem. Did not save even after updating game on xbox live.
I only gotten past the stranger before I had to do other things, but I fell in love. This game is friggin incredible and youd be dumb not to buy it. Completely beautiful.
Not a good game , very hard to play and no fun and no way to move around.  I don't even have it any more I deleted it..don't waste your money.
Fun game, it's always fun to blow things up, however the game hasd some really bad voice acting, quiet frankly it was very annoying
Great game just get the first one first and the dvds
I just paid $85 for Ryu figurine, No damn game here.  Capcom and madcats burned us all on this deal
All "Need For Speed" games are great! Just added to my collection.
this is one of the best games ever from the saga and expecting the new one th mk10, hoping to come soon
I love zelda but this game only stayed in my collection for a day. :/Didn't really capture my attention the way other zelda games have.Links awakening dx is still the best zelda Imo
Are 9 out of 10 GAMECUBE games like this little kid's game terrible? Answer: YesI bought the game, and I regret it so much!
I bought the game for my brother and offcourse to get the Chibi Robot Ammibo, but only get the game.
My kids love this game.  They play it whenever they come home from college and regress to childhood.
I loved this game. Xbox only. It was a lot of fun. I got it for the 360 and it didn't work.
Confusing controls to add ons, running here, there and everywhere just drags the game out. Lack of info on how to add, use and change weapons very frustrating.
No win game. And your computer opponent will rub it in you face.
These are great board games but awful DS games pretty much just tap the screen. Tap Tap Tap...  Tap Tap Tap... Done.
Way too dark .Played T! and T2 start to finish,,,bought this and I cant play for more than ten minutes without leaving game dissapointed in presentation,mechanics,changes and graphics.
The best two games in the series remastered. Plus a bonus game, a short film, and #previously unreleased in the US# features added.
Wife really likes this one they are really cool and fun games keeps you on your toes. definit must have.
Loved these games. Love getting to play them over again on the xbox one.
It's an alright game. Graphics are simply amazing. But it's still not better than the LoU. I'd wait til the price drops down.
A classic PC dungeon quest game. Plays on my ancient single core computer. Kind of simplistic, but I enjoy the game.
It holds 16 games and 4 memory cards, but this case is a real pain to get open.
This is the type of game that you look at the clock and its been 7 hours but it feels like 1.
I bought ths ds game for my great nephew because his parents just bought him a ds game for xmas and I wanted him to have a couple of games to start out with.
Very fun game.  I was told to get this game... so yeah.  I like the online multiplayer the best.  Kudos to all UT gamers!!!
Great game, but did not arrive as promised... Amazon came through for me tho..
I played this game and I think it's horrible! There is nothing that impressed me. Okay graphics, no fun gameplay, no special music. It is the worst game ever for PS2!
Call of Duty 4 is a system seller.This is the best online console game.If you have a militay backround, it is still a good game.  Lots of older gamers like this game too.
Finally.I still have it.This is a game I still have.This reminds me of a p--"OBJECTION!"
This game stinks, why would a company want to publish a crappy game like this?  a total waste of money.
I bought this particular Gameboy DS because of the Susan Koman donation.  So I not only got joy out of this great video game system, I was support a good cause!
Awesome game. This is the best in the series. And yes you can play it on the xbox 360. Not sure if you can on the Xbox one since I don't own that system.
Bought as a gift for my nephews. They have all the Lego type games. This was another one they wanted and got! They play these games for hours.
this is a fun game and it is hard or maybe i just stink but anyway the game is fun and seeing as it has 40 endings i will have to enjoy it for all it's worth.
Bs I think these games are boot legs neither game I bought from you works
Bought for a teenager, she wasn't impressed with this game, never plays it.
My daughter loves this game! She loves playing house! Playhouse 1 is great also! Helps pass the time when traveling!
went into this game with a open mind because i really enjoyed bo3 but its just bad i hate to say it but it sucks
I bought the game to play and it was good but I got bord cause of the fact that very very few people are even playing it at all.
Compared to first Cars game, this game suck. The controlling car in the game is just watching from the side and pushing x. No acceleration just side to side. Did not like this game
This game really is bad, almost like work. The interface is clunky, graphics are bad. Don't even waste your time downloading, and i'm a stratergy game freak.
This game has occupied my kids for hours on end. I regret getting it for them only because it's so addicting. But they love it and love creating things in their own worlds. ;)
Love ND games so what else can I say!!!
I may be the dumbest player alive but I cannot figure out how to even get started on this game !! I have never bought any Nancy Drew games and sure won't buy any more..bhamilton
I bought it at a discount price of 9.99. Excellent game historical theme in the french revolution. Love it.
Its not bad but it freezes alot so buy this game if you want to get mad alot
It's just an expansion pack, it's not the game.  Be careful what you buy,  Read all the small print.
This game is a TRAP. You will have to spend a ton of money on subscription after buy the game!!
the game is delightful to play. Graphics are like all the awakening games, very well done.
this a s s a s s i n s  c r e e d  game is awsome keep making more UBi soft
Horrible game. Bethesda stained their legacy with this one. I've played thru Skyrim and Oblivion multiple times but this game is a dud.
Ive played this game once before but had lost it.  I had got it replaced here. its awesome the first time around
I purchased this product for my granddaughter, who loves all animals.  A cute game, great pricing, and quick delivery!  A great gift for any child who loves animals.  Thanks!
This game is awesome, beautiful landscapes and adventures, it puts you right in the fantasy world.  Very addictive.
Don't waste your time. I made a short stop to gamestop and picked up what I actually needed for $10.
That's all it's worth is 10 bucks the fighting mechanics are very good, but the rest of the game Like the modes are a joke and a lack of.
I just love how the game is setup thought I bet it in about 67 hours, I wouldn't trade it for anything... Truly recommended for a buy not a rent...
Seriously, if I wanted to play fallout I would have bought fallout. Terrible game, it's not super challenging either. Regretted buying it.
A creative and engaging game. Surprising how long it will last you and how much replay value there is for a PSOne game.Still haven't seen a game like this on modern consoles.
it does not work with windows correctly. I tried everything and still did not get it to work right. bad game.
I was not impressed with this game and ended up sending it back. The second Battlefield with always be the best.
Tested it in my retron 3 and it works.  Happy to be playing this game.
This game got boring an fast. Now I know why kill streaks exist.
Great mouse! Great for PC gaming. Easy to program the buttons to do all the things you need for your game!
One of my favorite spider-man games. My personal favorite of the open-world GTA-style spideys. Spider-man's voice actor is very annoying but if you can move past that you'll find a gem.
game is not compleateable main boss allways covers her weak point before you can aim and shoot not enough ammo boss kicks dust so you can not see not fair a hard unfair crappy game do not buy it
i ordered this game, but never received it...that is why i have a 1 star review..im sure it would have been a cute game if we had ever gotten it.
great game. very entertaining. a really good option if you like shooters but don't have a great internet connection. Shoot n loot at its best.
This is without a doubt the best baseball video game franchise in history.
Incredibly dull game.Most of the movements have been copied straight from titanfall and don't flow well at all.Zombies is getting a bit stale as well.Here's to hoping for a world at war 2 game.
This is a action adventure game lots of game play. And collectibles to get too, younger children might need the help of adult to make some jumps. good story. I hope this helps
Enjoyable hack and slash, its a little busy though but worth the money. I wish we had more hack and slash games these days like diablo 2.
This game is 15$ on the xbox store
i got this and the championship poker for my b-day i wanted the texas holdem  game on them this is beter than the championship  the characters are more animated  not as detailed as championship but much more enjoyable
I would rather watch grass grow...or paint dry...or a baseball game...or...well, you get the point.  Don't waste your money or time.
Save your money. Will be a $20 game after the holidays.A feeble attempt.
Shenmue II is a phenomenal game. If you're a gamer and haven't played it, you don't know what you are missing.
Love this game, love the price, love the service
One of the best Xbox one games ever!
I could never find this game since i never even heard of it till i watched the anime. Glad I searched here and found it!
Payday 2 devs promised not to have microtransactions, then put them in anyway.  Now the game is pay to win.  Don't support these selfish greedy developers.
They improved on almost every aspect of the 1st game. Shaky cam is a bit annoying but by all means not a deal breaker.Enjoy!
larry not all good one of the wost game ever made off pc game dvd cd rom computer hard drive that leisure suit larry good  ps2 xbox and pc
It's awful to rerelease this now that the servers have been shut down. You only get part of the original game.
The game is fantastic having a lot of fun playing.
Great game even on the wii U.  Nintendo makes some of the best franchise games ever. This game has a good mix of action and puzzles with many hours of game play.
This game was horrible. Not as described. You can't put it in manual nor have the option to view interior of car. I'd get forza horizon 2 instead.
This could be a great game but unfortunately it is to weak it is missing that fun factor that we all love plus the voice commentary Is to low
Great game that is hard to put down.
If you have PS+ you really want the largest card possible for all the free games. My only complaint is that it should be a bit cheaper.
Unable to load game. Would like to play it but it will not load so I can not give a opinion.
This game still doesn't work and this add on would not run on Vista, I have double the requirements required.
this game is very boring there are around 30 wrestlers but only ten of them are real wrestlers you can only punce kick and do the signiture move  its not worth it at all
The game looks great.The game is nothing new. If anything it's gone back to the start of last generation. It's incredibly repetitive and not in a good way
Brilliant game; great additional loot. Must buy.
I love Ratatouille the movie. I tried to find this game on Gamestop but they did not have it. Overall, the product was in good condition and thank you for delivering the game
Not even a game. Don't buy this
This game is excellent, and a lot of fun to play over and over on the different levels.
very happy with this game its fun and was taken very good care of and happy how fast it came in the mail
This was a gift for our grandson and he seems to like it a lot.  A good game for kids under 10.
Why isn't this a Ion battery?More $$$ for Microsoft even the games have microtranactions come on. Dont support this system DS4 is better anyways
This game ended up consuming most of my free time this past May.
Terrible character control. Stiff and non-intuitive. The game is scary because you can't move. The horror is trying to play. It's the only game I haven't finished in years.
Fun game! I really enjoy beating up the bad guys and the cut scenes.
I thought I might like this game, but I don't.
I don't know what happened but this game is terrible.  Mercenaries was a lot of fun and to put this out was an isult to the first game.
Simply put HL is the scariest, alien-shootin'est, head-splatterin'est, crowbar-swingin'est, cart-pushin'est, headcrab-killin'est, vent crawlin'est, best game EVER!
this game sucks big time. it was boring and stupid.
This is a stupid game, trust me.  If you think you'll love it, rent it first because I am confident that you won't.
Not a great game. The open world is nice, but the graphics suck and the story is weak. I was dissapointed
Not really a fan. I don't like the dancing and singing especially in final fantasy collection. It is just not my idea of good final fantasy game.
great for people who like hockey. This game is boring.  I would not buy it if you don't like hockey
This is a good game. Like the Resident Evil 4. Good graphics. Excellent gameplay. With two playing game offline. Its a good game of the saga.
This is an amazing, underappreciated game.  Although it is for the Wii, there are no motion controls.  This might be a short game, but it is so much fun and offers replayability.
No content!  Going back to Rift.  This game was good at first, but almost 5 months for the first content patch is too much of a wait for me!
reminds me of those diner dash types games, the quicker you are the better your score. Very good game though.
lacks Inverting X axis on camera so i can't play this game, which is too bad because i enjoyed the first game a lot.
one of the worst mgs games i ever came across and im a big mgs fan been playing them since the ps1 originalits lame nothing original you lose your weapons every stage
Probably the best, most balanced RTS out there besides StarCraft Brood wars. A must have for any RTS gamer.
I was disappointed in this game. I found the action figures and plots to be simple and not challenging. Compared to a game like Battlefield 4, this game is child's play.
it was a very fun game you need two players because it can get hard
The game is very good. Retains all the features of The Sims, but with better graphics and more options, more things to do and places to go in the game.
you know, the games aren't that good for this,  classic systems are better
Most blanced dark souls game. The online is amazing. Hated dark souls 2 this is so much better.
great and simple tool to help and adds immersion to the mario cart game.
My wife's first video game for her new 3ds. And she can't stop playing it.
THis game is so incredibly boring.  I played it for about 4 hours, then stopped, took the cd out and put it in the microwave.
I rely couldn't get into this game it way to cartoonish for me. The voice acting is annoying and the stacking mechanic is silly.
Product did not arrive on time game not sure about rating poor qualit
Another find it game that was meant for kids only. Too boring and silly for adults.
I didn't like that to really play the game you have to keep paying.
This game is pretty much the same as the original HAWX. I get some subtle differences but overall, it's just not that much better. I regret buying this game...
Pretty lame. Don't bother until it's a free Playstation Plus game some day.
Our Son Loves it and He recommend this game.
this was as I am told a very good game my step dad wanted it and I got it for him and he is so happy with it
An excellent game. A lot if features have been added in FIFA 17.
Excellent game! Great to play with my son
not fun and its hard thank god i rented it cause this game [stinks] its not worth [junk] rent it and find out ur self
This is one of the worst games I ever played for PlayStation 4. I will not recommend this game to anyone. One of the must avoid game.
This game has good graphics, awesome monsters, very much content and excelent co-op multiplayer. Just try it and enjoy it.
Fantastic game, got it at a fantastic price. This game is still like $40 or $50 on Steam I think.
Ureal 3 is pretty much dull. It falls so short to other shooters,Plus all the Mic problems that is the main flaw of this game. Worth renting but not buying.
I got exactly what I paid for. Good quality case and game disc.
I love these games where you move one to line up three. Especially if they break it up with different type once in a while.
so cool items thanks you :) i going play it the games soon i can when i can get my Pokemon Red
fun great for a gift idea an loads of new outfits for th girls an lots of mini games to play keeps u busy for hrs
Got it from Walmart. Waste of 9bucks. Buy if want to waste $9.The tutorial is not helpful.very annoying game
An online connection is required to participate in The Division's biggest selling points and primary game. Buyer beware.
I like that it's kinda different from other car games. It has different super moves for each character. The kids love it.
This game was lame.  D2 was so much better.
Very poor game... And put out by that total joke: Origin. I got about 30 minutes into the game and decided it wasn't worth playing.
How can you go wrong?  All expansion packs and the game itself for under $30.00  Great Deal!! It is a must have if you don't yet!
Buy this game its great fun and worth it. Also buy from these guys my game came in almost brand new condition and cheap.
For the first few months this game performed fine but recently has started to freeze constantly especially when traveling between rooms/sections and has even started freezing when i try to save/load.freakin nubs
Spent time playing this game with my 10 year old son, was very good game. We both loved it.
Most frustrating game that I played. Very, very hard. It is no fun. Worst game so far I ever played on PS4. ZERO stars out of five.
The Legend of Zelda is a great game for the Nintendo 3DS.  I recommend this game to anyone with a 3DS fan in their family.
this game is not much different than thecomputer version,  it wasa verylarge dissapointment
I thought this game was great as a kid, It isin't anymore to me.  it's like a bad version of california games
You get all the previous games with updated graphics I love the metal gear series and for 15 bucks you can't beat it
This game sucks. My son hated it and I did too
i love this game. I have followed the game since the start and it only got better and better. Ubisoft is amazing at what they do. They did an outstanding job yet agaon on revelations.
Had this game on 360. Sooo much fun! Play all of them! Except for 2. U can skip that lol
The only draw back with this game is it gets kind of boring but its a great game that put bypassed the arcade by far! This is a game I won't forget.
A great time and brought in the fun elements from other LEGO video games while adding a couple new fun things.
Game is OK but because of the Draconian SecuRom DRM it is not worth the money and you don't want their hidden control code on your machine.EA needs to wake up and quit treating gamers like crooks.
Love bioshock if you can skip past the horrible multiplayer the game itself is great and always has been
More of the same.  It's fun but really don't see a huge leap over FO3.  Update-Lots of graphic glitches. I expect better graphics from a ps4 platform game.
Love the game.  Graphics meh, but not bad.  Lots of fun and really dark.  I would say if you liked dishonored, you will love this.
Fantastic game and graphics, loved the story line, but just too short for me.
This game would be a lot better if it were campatible with the PS3 Wireless Les Paul controller that comes with the Guitar hero 3 game.  Very Disappointing.
Great collection of old school games on a 64 cartridge.
Do Not Buy!!!Awful game. Its boring, repetitious, and contains undesirable content. A poor and disappointing attempt at what appeared was going to be a cool game.
Fantastic game with original story and incredibly fun gameplay. I am looking forward to a sequel!
Excellent game because its a shoot them up game type. Classic game with new style, terrific graphics and different levels. Very good
I hate this game. My husband loves it. Its so repetitive and there is no story line.
Far better game then the two previous games in the series. The graphics are amazing and I love the challenging objectives with the Joker and the Arkham Knight.
these games are great if you want to relive the series on an hd tv this is the set for you only thing is were is portable ops?
dumb game.  3rd person shooting and the scenarios are really narrowly designed.  play borderlands or far cry for open world cool play.
This is a good multiplayer game that will give u hours of fun! If you like dungeons and dragons you will like this!
First off the game is dead I think or at least should be. If its not half the stuff in the book is inaccurate
didn't like the graphic not clear enough. there are better games out there that are better. I am glad they let you try before buy.
We have the Wii and Wii U, and they're my favorite system. Laid back and games are cute, has great fitness game and accessories!
Love the finding items and figuring out where to use them in game. Some of my coworkers got mad because they were getting addicted to my down load games.
Live this game top 5 all time. Muliple play through a w/ multiple endings. Most are for fun but still a fun game w/ interesting story and characters.
Lots of fun for everyone in the famile. Great party game and always a different outcome. Almost just like the TV show. Great animations.
i thought i could wear the helmet and the game was scathed and the box some holes in the box
I didn't know I would have so much fun with this game after seeing video reviews but its a great game it helps my ganster game fix ok if you like ganster games get this game
another game that my man enjoys play so much he loves the fact that I got it for him. He looked all over and could not find it he was shocked when he got it for christmas
Good game! I really enjoyed it and would recommend it to any Naruto fan!
Great sound and mic, but there have been so many problems ive faced with different games that often switch the mic or the volume on the headset off ita not worth it.
Year the best cas to hold your ps vita and games
i love my sims tool packs and expansions a few were cheesy but in general i do love everything sims3 .the only game i play and like.
Not the best game but fun to play when passing time
This Game broke Buying new games for me.
The game has updated updated roster, the controls are too hard to figure out.
Garbage storyline and brutally hard, even in the tutorial. I'm fine with a game being hard, even brutally so, but not in the tutorial. I want my money back.
Just bleh. I ran through it, and didn't enjoy the game itself. Graphics are stunning, but customization is limited.
Couldn't get past the prologue game kept crashing after the video after seeing the first cutscene thought it was cool after watching it the 10th time it was time to take the game to gamestop
It is my new addiction. It may be the best game for the Vita.
This controller blows. The gamecube controller is much better.
Beat the first XCOM and this one is way too hard even on rookie. if you don't research the right things in order you will hit a wall where you will have to restart the game.
This is very disturbing gameyou control little monsters that go around and kill peopleplus they forgot the letter Zhorrible!
Tried after falling in love with my first souls game, bloodborne. And i can garuntee bloodborne fans would love this game.
Coming from a Guitar Freaks fan, I rate this game higher than Guitar Freaks.Song Choices, Guitar Controller, Difficulty level, everything is just right!  Very well worth the $70 or so.
Now what can be said about Crash Bandicoot ? Its WONDERFUL and EXCITING...the guys a natural.Great game Pack Highly recommend these games.
What an amazing game! So much to collect and create. It's super easy for a friend to jump in and enjoy the fun too (both online and offline).
Great PS1 game just make sure you have PS1 card for using it on a PS2.
Wow just wasted 60 dollars on this game when I bough it on launch have not played it yet.
Because of the copy protection used avoid this product to make a statement.  It is a bogus system. limited reinstalls and securom features that are making the game crash often.POS copyright protection means no sale.
Excellent game.  Many options to choose from and lots of fun!  A must for sports fans!
This game is riding the coattails of Soul Calibur II. It's not as well designed or tactical, just more colorful, cracked out, and character overloaded. The women are great, though.
Terrible game for the SNES when it comes to Batman games. Plays like Mortal Kombat
Definitely fun and interactive for the whole family. Can't go wrong with any lego games, honestly.
terrible excuse of a game. One star just for it being an all inclusive game with all extra content on disc as it should be. Otherwise it would be 0/5
Just didn't care for this game. I play World of Warcraft so this game seemed kind of simple.
Megal Gear was one of the first games I ever played. Love this series. Can't wait to get the next release in the series.
Worst game I've ever played through, 5 times!!!!!!!!! Worthless waste of time!
Not happy with this years game and I was pretty satisfied with last years.  Game takes forever to load, is very slow and glitchy.  Graphics however are phenomenal
Its a great game at a awesome price.
This game is amazing. I love that you travel through two opposite worlds. It is a truly fascinating game. Loved every bit of it
Beautiful, but it just under delivers on too many things. This game gets really boring really fast.
my son enjoys this video game and had no complaints
Worst handling game I have ever played, I traded it in within 15 minutes if gameplay, so disappointing as I was really hoping this would be the one that EA finally turned around.
This was the worst move game ive played so far.... by far.... do not get this.... the demo is online, try the demo before you buy
Awesome game proving you don't need a movie spin-off and can just make something original with the lore.
Cool statue all I really bought this for already has the game great sale
This game was a huge let down.  Clunky, and played like garbage.  Boring, and never finished it.
Should have been ALL the games, or at least 30 to 40 of them for this price.  You won't miss much if you skip this one.
This game is not very good i have nothing positive to say bout it... I don't like format, players choosen by developers, character appearence
The cord broke from the top of the controller in the first week of game play.
I think my game came with a bug, cause it loaded but would not play without error messages popping up
i love this pouch, it has a place to put up to 4 game cards!!! really helpful, ans its all soft inside so the ps vita won't get any scratches!
Fun albeit difficult at times but it is overall a fun game and very enjoyable for all gundam fans
I bought this game after all the reviews i have read about how good is this game. I was so disappointed with my purchase. They are trying so hard to make another GTA .
I just bought this game for my son's birthday.  The graphics are great, and it is a great tool.  I am getting hooked on it too.
I love this game since it came to my house the 27th of April i am loving it so far and it came at the right time.
Fantastic horror game for you to play alone or play coop with your friend.
it doesn't have yoshi. its crap. if a mario game doesn't have yoshi i will rate it 1 star
Very nice game and product.  it poses a great challenge particularly those who have not played many Snes games.  its fun.
Mario Kart is a fun game for everyone in the family and the wheel makes it even better.  Seems like your in the driver seat!  Really fun!
When I received this game... The game didn't work.
Great game with one big problem... Poor selection of songs... Library you can download is not much better because apparently guitar hero owns the rights to many good songs.
Very disappointed to find out that i needed to pay extra for this game in order to play it. it only allows you to play with Playstation Plus.
I am a proud PlayStation gamer that wants to play video games, this game sure did not hit the spot. This game is nothing like The Last of Us.
do not play this game no pc version yet ! they want you to buy xbox one ! I've superb sli system why should I buy your ddr3 xbox one version come on !!!
Avoid this game at all costs. The controls are terrible and the graphics are the worst I've ever seen on the Dreamcast, it's no wonder Acclaim went under.
This game looks terrible. I bought it for a cheap price and couldn't be bothered to open the game. I sold it for a profit and laughed all the way to the bank.
This game had me on my toes... best to play at night after 11pm with no one around you and you're sitting alone in the dark with your back towards the door.
Game didn't work. A conterfiet Amazon was pretty good up until now I spent slot of money on this game.  Where was the guarantee.
save your money and buy something else, anything else!  pretty dumb, even my kids hated it.  with modern warfare and battlefield series this game doesnt come close.
Just bought the Wii and have thoroughly enjoyed all the games so far. Price is right for the fun it returns.
Lame game. I cannot believe I paid almost 75 dollars to be totalltydisappointed. Less known games I ordered are far better than this waste of time.
Obnoxious nonsensical horror garbage, not a Resident Evil game. So many paid reviews for this game its ridiculous.
had this game awhile back but it got ruined so now atleast i got this brand new and brings back memories
Great game but too short.  Great deal for fifteen dollars.  Wasn't that hard to log on to Blizzard.  Highly recommend.
The game is too small to see, there's no way to zoom in or put in full screen and the controls are just awkward...
The first two hours of the game were the most painstakingly boring two hours of a video game that I've ever played.
way better on the 3ds so my suggestion is to get that version but either way it gives you reasons to replay the game at least 2-3 times cant finish it all in 1 run
This game does not work. Came on the screen and froze. Never could get it to come back up.
Didnot order the game and I will not. Had enough of the customer service problems with wow.  Some people never learn.  Hay, don't forget to preorder the panda game next :P
Received package in perfect condition, yet when i opened the box the game was severly damaged.
My best game. It is challenging but possible to get through and the co-op on line feature is wonderful.  I do like the male-female partner co-op feature also
I love this game! It's so good, and I can't believe other people don't like it.
One of THE best games I've played on the PS3! Can't wait to enjoy Fear 2 and 3.
Really nice game more than expected for that price love it no download problems and that is all that I have to say about this product!
I could see this as being superfun a few years ago, however right now hardly anyone plays it. Still 5 stars for the fun game!
Fun game! It is funny and entertaining! I highly recommend it to everyone! The stories fun and its not hard to follow along.
This game gets repetitive quick. I rented it for 360 and sent it back the same day.
Good game. Little short on gameplay length though.
Nothing like original paper mario games, I played a bit of this and got bored really fast.
The prizes was good but I've got to say that this is the only Assassins Creed sequel I did not enjoy, the game control & gun aiming was hard & the game is full of glitches
Has a couple of bugs but you could still enjoy the game!
Really awesome RTS, one of the best games I have ever played. It might be old but it still has thousands of players on it all the time.
I got a lot of fun out of this game.
Great game but marred by terrible gameplay.  This could have been amazing, the concept has unlimited potential but this game failed to showcase it properly.
the is the very 1st in The Legacy of Kain the is an epic must own in order to understand the story of how Kain even became a Vampire so if you own this game enjoy it.
The title explains it. If you have not played this game before, I suggest you buy it right here, right now.
Great game from the PS1 that can by used on the PS2 with the right card.
Pretty game but way to slow for me, and I'm a pretty slow guy. Beautiful graphics and an interesting story, if you have the patience to see it through. I didn't.
I never could get this game to download.
takes too long to play and i just don't have that kind of time.  passions is a necessary in order to play this game
I gave this 5 stars because my daughter really enjoyed this game. She is 17. Would not recommend fot younger than that.
when you install it, it installs 2 games only the rest you have to purchase.....kinda lame when the seller ad says you get ALL 101 games on the disk..when you dont.
works like a charm. Amazon thinks the controller is a game don't be confused it is not its simply an instrument in which you use to play a game and it works splendidly
this is the worst 3d megaman game I've ever played. the camera angles suck. It is very difficult to see things. The control sucked as well. I regret buying this game.
Great game enjoyed it when I was growing up
love it....kids love it.. kids are not only playing a game but being creative and making their own levels. all around just an great tool to help kiddos develop talent
This game is really fun.  I have played it since 2003.  The PC version of this game is better than the PS2 and other system versions.
i got this game based on the computer demo. its great gameplay was big and the game is so rare nowadays.
Between server failures and unreliable internet connections, this game can be impossible to play. Single player online-only is a horrible idea.
this is a must have if you are planning to buy several games on Steam, lots better than play with the keyboard
Classic game, you'll play over and over
If you don't think a game where you fly Star Wars star fighters is awesome then you're worse than six bags of Hitlers.
Annoying hack and slash, and the save point is way too far, which makes this game even more annoying. I borrowed a copy to evaluate before purchasing. I will NOT buy it for sure.
DONT get this game its very boreing and slow its inovative but just not goot at all thank god i rented this game its not worth 50 bucks go get luigis mansion Pikmin is not worth renting 2 times
It's a short game but for 15 it's not a bad buy
Disappointed. Really did not enjoy the game.  And I gave it an honest try.  I am a huge Kingdom Hearts fan, and could just not get into this.
I was expecting to finally be able to play the full nes games that I grew up with and some that I've always wanted to play. not this nonsense of little challenges.
It is hard to rate this game against the other games in the series because I love them all so much. This is definitely a very strong and enjoyable entry in this legendary series.
If you are a fan of the Marvel universe, then don't hesitate, double-take, or think twice...you will LOVE this game!!!
This is a great item. No loose games laying around. Can keep up with the games alot easier.
Definitely the best Lego game and best lord of the rings game to ever come out.
Some of the best games from the series. Love this collection.
Absolutely beautiful graphics. Very good storyline. It was dark at times and I loved it. If you like the new 'Arkham' batman games this is for you
Much better than CoD BO IMO.  Better gameplay and much better story line.  I will buy the rest of the series now.
Terrible game.  Movement is hectic and much more.  Buy it when it comes down to $10. Uninstalled it after playing for 2 hours - very frustrating to say the least.
This game is so good and delivery was fast it came sooner than i thought .if you're a bug fan of pokemon and been playing since the red and ble versions. BUY THIS GAME!!!!
A great remaster of the original games with a few new twists and original things thrown in. Fun game!
This is only $39.99 at Wal-Mart it's a great game but don't buy it for this price.
Perfect replacement for Wii u charger. Will charge even when game pad is being used. Cord well supported from both side of the charger unit.
Game would make you not into a man. Don't like games that drag you down.
This game is terrible. I'd rather shave hairy man cheeks all day than waste my time on this awful game. Get a real game aka Battlefield 3.
Great console. It just shows how awesome retro games are! Still recommend it in 2015!
Great graphics, insanely fun, combines rpg gameplay into 3rd person perfection. Best with a group.
Excellent game, it's hard to get bored.
Love this case it's nice and smooth only wish it holds more games
I hated this game. Playing Bloodborne is like chugging a bottle of hand sanitizer to get drunk.
At the time wii was the big new game and of course my son enjoyed it for a while but nothing beats xbox when they get older.
alot of characters hard to do there finishers or supers but it had me missing them arcade games i think everybody should purchase this game
My 7 year old plays this a lot. It is fun to play as a family because you can compete against each other. Great game.
Won't load can't play the game. Tried work arounds.
again haven't played it all the way through , but it's different enough from the others that it is a new challenge and lot's to do. I love these games.
Another game I will not be purchasing due to DRM.
I like the option starting easy ,- harder gives up time to learn how to move your character around and to defend it and fire your weapons soyes I love the game
I bought this for my 11 year old who is TOTALLY into clothing and designing games.  This one she was less than impressed with, but I'm not sure why.
I have a big mistake - Diablo 3 is waste my money and worst game ever I see before....Now I think Why i stupid enought to buy this game :(
This game is nice if you like the naruto anime/manga so buy it :D
This was one of the best games I have ever played and servers for a long lasting game.  There should be more customization options, but otherwise everything is awesome!
How could I not enjoy this game. it has every thing you could want in a first person shooting game.
great game arrived as described, pristine condition I would purchase from this seller again.
I Got this game thinking ohhthis is a shrek game it will be good! WRONG!! If you want a Shrek game thats not filled with farting and burping and pointless missions get Shrek Super Party!
its a fighting game thats all u need to know...
I found this game to be incredibly boring.
Ohhhhh Nintendo. Please stop with the overly complicated integration of the damn game pad. This can be a great game with a small update to the controls.
Lucky I read reviews and went and played it before I opened it. This game is universally hated for a reason.
Very limited buttons and no yaw.  Not fun to use at all in fully loaded air game.
resident evil the umbrella chronicles is the greatest video game in the world a true classic the best of the best buy this game if your a huge resident evil fan you won't be sorry
this was the worst game ever, we get this type of quality in the free games on live!
Not worth the amt of $$$ EA wants for the game. You learn as you go with almost no tutorial and you can not create an original character. There are better games elsewhere.
my son enjoys this video game and had no complaints
Great game and a lot of fun on the go!
get here on time and in great shapePackaging was perfect this is a must have game for anyonegreat gift for anyone or for yourself
Please don't waste your money on this garbage. This game really sucks big tasticle, there is no single player campaign and it required internet to play it.
The game is not as good as the other PS-3 games I have.
I rarely rate games. But I give this one 5 out of 5 stars.A very unique and fun game.
I thought the Wii u was marketed as "Next gen" so why does this game look cartoon like? No thanks Nintendo
Good game and great fun. Indispensable for fans of star wars.An excellent adaptation of the game cube. Do not hesitate and play
Really? I mean this game was horrible. Hardest levels. This game just suuuuuuucked. If you're looking for Playstation2 game. Get this: Crash Twinsanity.
I think this game needs a ladder to get above one level to Crap.
This game is fun but VERY hard! Get a friend and get ready for some button mashing!
doesnt really work for 3DS games because they made it to where you cant cheat anymore so i was disapointed with that because thats the whole reason i bought it
Very nice controller and fun to use. Your shoulders may get tired from holding it up, but hey its a good work out then! See video games are good for you!
Honestly, COD 4 could've been its own game. But you know how greedy is Activision.
It wouldn't go beyond the 2nd game screen, no matter what I did, even went to a site with a walkthrough and nothing worked.
I got the game, and It doesn't work. Two stars.
I couldn't download the game into my computer womp womp
I bought this hoping to play PS2 games with my PS2 controller. This does not, I repeat DOES NOT work with PS2 games. I'm playing on a backwards compatible PS3 if anyone is wondering.
This another cool game for the playstation 3 it has cool graphics and is action packed buy it you won't be dissapionted
loved the kirbry yarn game so i got this!
So I buy and download a 8.4 gb game from Amazon, activate it on Steam and then steam downloads 9.3 gb before I can even start the game????What's up with that?
You can do side missions, defeat bad guys, and try to defeat scarecrow, and the arkham knight throughout the game. My favorite batman game in the series.
Like one of the top games on the Wii. Too bad it's on the wii.
Great way to reminisce about your childhood. Definitely need Pokmon blue or red and the adaptor since the one you can play in the game are capped at level 50.
Just next part with a very slow engine, unrealistic colors, poor design and absolutely boring gameplay
after trading a few times the time/day in the game changed had to start over several times the game was defective and i feally like the seller but will be more cautious
if you have a 360 make sure you try gears they all rock these games are great whole series is good
My husband loves this.  It allows him to play old games he has downloaded from the internet using his wireless Xbox 360 controller.
I'm a Star Wars nut, but I found this game to be a little too simplistic.  I felt the same way about the Lego games.  Your mileage may vary.
The game is ok...just a lot of pick and choose items on the screen.  There isn't much substance
A must have in open world games. Really good game original  and greate graphics if you realice the year it was released.
The game would not load, even when I used and reused the numbers on the package.  I am very disappointed.  I did send a letter to the help desk and am still waiting for help.
My son loves this game but it did not work at first. I had to have it cleaned twice and it workes now.
This is honesty the worst bundle and game ever do not even think about buying this or actually buy this you will regret it because it sucks so much the graphics and story is horrible
the legend of zelda skyward sword is the greatest video game in the universe a true classic the best of the best the legend of zelda skyward sword rocks
My kids love the game and the fact they get to build the toys needed for the game. They are huge LEGO fans <3
Did not work games come on but then makes a loud noise at the start menu and won't do anything else after that.  I cant even press start.
love these games the cartridge  looks and plays great
this is a bad game, the control panel and menus are hard to navigate, and moving around and selecting planet and controlling the builds on the planet is not better. i would not recommend this game
Fun game to play and especially with my grandson. I would recommend this to anyone. You can adjust settings to be a rookie to a professional!
Its a wii, what else can i say. Fun for the family and has some gems of games for single play as well.
NO Multiplayer without Season Game Pass!! If you want to play online, you need to buy a season game pass. This is not good. So keep away.
Expected a lot more for the time we had to wait to for this lame game.  Do not waste your money.
Poop. Unlike WoW, you can't solo this game. Poop.
This is a extremely lame and boring game. You don't get to do anything but deliver clothing and food and create the people who live there.
Ugliest, most uncontrollable game I've ever played. I'm happy I only paid $5 for it, I might as well throw it in trash.
Not that great of a game. Okay for those that enjoy games such as this, just not my cup of tea. My 8 year old enjoyed it about 2 days before junking it.
Bought this for my nephew for Christmas but what I know of the game it is a unique type and worth playing
This game won't install on my new AMD 3500+ cpu, it freezes during disc 2.  Purchase with extreme caution.
My nephew loves this game. He is now a Resident Evil fan."said it reminds him of the walking dead game" told him Resident Evil started the zombie craze.
my husband doesn't hunt but loves this game.  he plays it all the time and likes to yell at the hunters if he missed a shot
Arrived safe and sound.  Great bargain.  Not exactly the game I expected, but fascinating just the same.
I don't know much about her games except that she is always talking about Zelda. The game must work and it must be good.
great game to play but like black ops one better but the zombie maps are great and lots of fun to play with friends
both my husband and my six year old love this game.  Its done as well as the other Lego games and a must for any Star Wars junkie!
Very boring game. Everything was good until it's release. Then flat on it's face as far as content.
I didn't really like this game at all, I enjoy a lot the previous one of the series, but this one a completely fail for my taste....
This game had a lot of potential, but it's such s***..
loved the game so much fun. when you die it is just crazy to watch..
Excellent collectors edition, the statue is well detailed along with the flag and buckle. The game is also fantastic!
the matrix path of neo game is the greatest video game in the world a true classic the best of the best buy this game if your a huge matrix fan you won't be sorry
$37.90, it is an abuse (theft), the price for this game to be $ 19.99, no one should pay more than that value. A star is too.
Fast shipping great price awesome game highly recommend it well worth it thank you
Makes me feel bad on how much 3ds boxes lost quality, awesome game and a classic... I enjoy it as much as the ps one classic one.
Do not buy any thing WoW, They have moved all resources to a new game.  I have played Wow for years and now they have combined servers and can not even log in.
the game feels like an incomplete mess. The controls and camera are just awful.
all of the series are great. A really fun game, look forward to playing the next ones.
I was hoping for some easy fun games.  These games get old pretty quickly so probably good for a young player.
Such a broken, quirky game. I love it.
The game freeze up all the time. Sold it. Get Madden 25 or Madden 12
yea its great to get a game you grow up to and it still great game and very good buy
Works amazingly and easy to insert. Has a LOT of storage, so I can play and save many more games. Strongly recommend.
I found this game to be very old fashioned. Not up to date as far as graphics go. It reminded me more of a comic book.
Seems like they forgot to make games when getting ready to release. The controller is better but still terrible compared to the xbox controller sadly. A powerful machine that lays dormant waiting to be used.
This game is fun to play. Grand kids love it!
Mediocre, boring and shallow, it seems this gen is all about graphics, hype and DLC instead of storyline, fun and game play.
horrible graphics, mindless games, hnow the heck did u give it 5 stars???
I LOVE this series of games.  I started playing Cake Mania on Ellen Degeneres's website and thought it would be fun on DS.  It is!
Love this game everybody should buy it if you love the original
Very poor game play, graphics look 15 years old. I don't you will every see this one out of demo mode. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME!
Excelent game for kids (Remember this while you try to beat the game). Awesome graphics. A lot of metal ability.
It's ok. Not the best game not the worst game.
the wasn't as challenging and the graphics was off.you couldn't freely move in the game.it may be a good game for five years or younger.
The game falls apart during normal play. Clipping through wall and floors instantly ruins all the effort you put in by soft locking the game.
My son wanted all the Destroy All Humans games... and he loves them all. They get played a lot! As a parent I like it as you are fighting aliens instead of people.
this game is dog crap once the police spot you its game over they will contnually respawn every where you go so why buy?
It's a multiplayer-focused Sonic game continuing off of the story set in the Sonic Adventure games and the GameCube version in specific does its job the best between itself, the PS2 and the Xbox.
Fun to play at first, but unfortunately the repetitive game boards that don't change much leaves something to be desired. Passed game w/ out one loss of life. No challenge here.
First single player game which is unplayable at launch.  You have to do a 3 hours queue to play a single player game.Say no to this garbage.
There is an insert original disc error on install, however there is only one disc. The game is no longer supported sadly.
halo 4  never heard of game before have great graffats  over all the game is not borning some times can lose track of time playing it tho
Game is good, but the case is empty without game card inside. Can't believe it. Waiting for the refund.
fits game cube perfectlygreat as a extra or even replacementgreat price and worth itworks just like a factory Nintendo brand memory card
World of Warcraft is a great game, I enjoyed this expansion immensely.  I would recommend this game to anyone.
This is the absolutely best RPG game I have or will play!  Buy it on next gen console.
One of the worst AAA games of this generation.  The story is good, but the gameplay is repetitive and unrefined.
This has been an awesome game. A few minutes into it and I was already hooked onto it. This is a must play for all types of gamers!
My 9 and 14 year old LOVE playing this game. But their 39 year old dad loves it too.Lots to do and keeps you entertained.
Easily one of the best N64 games and one of the most classic games dear to my heart.
Intro to the game had me hyped..Then I kept playing and was annoying after about 2 hours. Repetitive enemies that absorb all your ammo and many cheap deaths. Got boring way too fast
This game defines next generation and it plays great even on current generation. On Xbox 360 Call of Duty: Ghosts is more fun, but on Xbox One Battlefield far surpasses it
not a real minecraft game cant built anything or even move around freely. Too short boring at best
I've had so much fun with this game.  keep them coming.
great puzzle game, easy for anyone to pick up and enjoy! best played with others.
this is a very fun game. I play this with my daughter. is a little harder then some kids games but its great for family time taking turn trying to pass a level.
never got into this game, could not tell what the game was about. put it away after a few weeks of trying to play it.
This game is really bad, looks terrible, boring action, and you've seen absolutely everything within about 5 hours. However, it was an easy platinum so I'll give it an extra star.
I love this game, it's fun to play especially with move controllers
I enjoy this game system. Being 62 i'm not into alot of the new stuff.
The best star wars game I have ever played!
I like this game twisted metal:head on for my psp to play with.
amazing game first game to have total distrution of any and every thing plus it had a great story behind it
I could not load the game from the cloud. I have not been able to play...
The kid loves it, like all of his other Mario games.
Lost interest quickly.  Just so boring.  They took the worst parts of Farcry 3 and 4 and made a game out of it.  I love Farcry 3 and 4 so I was a bit disappointed
This game is awesome, a close second best zelda game after ocarina of time, better than twilight princess and majoras mask I think
Great game collection.  3 games on one Vita cartridge.  You can't beat it.  The Jak and Daxter games are great.  I love Daxter.  He is a great game character, and hilarious.
Hated this game and wish I didn't waste the time and money on this weak attempt at a franchise... Awful
Awesome game great for all ages ! My kids are 5-14 and they all love it! I would definitely recommend! Great present ! I am very satisfied with this purchase!
Horrible game unless you liked dead island don't waste your money
Very underrated games. Great value for one disk and still worth playing in 2015
This game clearly demonstrates the failure of this always on DRM approach.  Hopefully this punishing experience with poor reviews and livid consumers will make an impression in game developers that customers won't stand for this garbage.
Still haven't figured out how to use this thing.  Thought it could store game data but apparently not.
Not my type of game.  Controls and game play are extremely difficult to get use to.  Steep learning curve.
the yearly membership was on sale what more can you ask for.  They do a great job for members with respect to the monthly free games, deals, and other stuff.
Good old style gamers game, had a good time with the game.
If you like legos just build them in real life. This is lazy and completely pointless. I'd rather see a real avengers game.
Nintendo greatest (and most original) game in a lot of time! I got this game at $35 so wait till the price drops and then snach it.
i have played on a ton of gaming consoles and this one is by far the best. i use this every day. there is a wide variety of games and the hardware is fantastic.
This game is such a backtrack from the fantastic first infamous, it is not even funny. Sadly I bought it from Gamestop and hated it.
the only thing good about this game is the mercenaries. other than that the game reuses the same bosses in each campaign and has terrible controls. i would much rather be playing RE4 or RE5
Spider-Man is a stupid game. It is really boring and hard. Dont buy it unles you love Spider-Man. The controls are horrible too. I hate this game.
Why does everyone in this WWI game have fully automatic weapons?!
Adds more fun to an already fun game.
This is not the right cord for this game system.
This is a great fun game !!! I love the repetition and driving nuts at the same time , trying to get your customer to their location on time is cool.
Enjoyed the Capri PC games, great visual effects, wish they made more of them.
if ur a mk fan I would recommend this game but this game has to be one of the worst mk midway had ever made if u want a good mk game I would recommend mk Armageddon
Loved this game the whole story and the characters where wonderful. Was a bit of a quick play but i can not wait for the next one to come out!
This game really isn't that good. Capcom sucks. Just buy Monster Hunter for wii u. its the best game.
I have played this game on the Sony PSP and I am looking forward to Playing this version of it.
an awesome game!! best far cry ever!
I've been a Halo fan since Halo 3 this game is great as well
Havent used it but it was in a new case just as it is in the picture above, Im happy to have it and I willl use it once I get a gamecube.
This game sucks.I only held on to it for as long as I did because a girl I liked gave to me.
Absolutely the worst Mario game to ever exist. The most let down I have ever been by a game. So boring. So simple. So bad. So meant for 6 year olds.
This was a good game, the only critism is that you have to shoot or hit the enemy too many times to kill them.
Selling easy fatalities????  Really???  This is not kool.Of all the games I thought might be free of microtransactions, this was one of them.  Ashamed for MK now.Boo this man!!!  Boo
this is my 1st time playing killzone i never played the other series but killzone shadow fall was my 1st and i really liked the game so much that i cant wait to they release more killzone
My husband loves how this looks on our high def TV. Quality product great working game!
The games came with the kit shattered that disappointment
This is a poor excuse for Final Fantasy game Royally SUCKS!!
This game is a fly behind view. No cockpit view.  It's like you're driving RC cars.  Get "Need for Speed Hot Pursuit II".  It's fantastic.
Stupid. just a down right stupid game.
Kids love the games was happy to get it.
This has become my favorite game of all time.
I rant and rave about being a PC gamer  but at the end of the day there is no game i would rather play than Halo 5 Guardians...
No problems with the seller, but I did not really like the game itself. But it was not really user friendly in my opinion.
Game is good but the aim system and mechanics is not friendly compared to other halos i wish they would fix the aiming in this game the acceleration is terrible
Great game, the graphics are good, the music too, and the gameplay is awesome, i recommend to everybody, buy this game !!!
Great game, will change rating once they fix the damn matchmaking issues. I can't even find a game to play
I had bought and downloaded this game and it does not work. It is not my computer I re downloaded this 3 times. Do not buy this they are selling a bad product.
If you want to grind your soul away this is the game for you. It has a very unfriendly community on top of that so you better get your friends to buy some copies too.
Love the Call of Duty games and this one did not disappoint !
Not a fan of these games.  I love Nancy Drew games that have a higher level of difficulty.  This one pretty much guides you through as though you are a young child.
Waste of $5 that I paid for it. I'm a fan of the anime but this game is just awful for consoles.
The game is a time sink. You die, die,die, and then you die some more. Once you have died at least 25 times you can progress to the next death.
whats the point of being steathy if the ai cheats and spots you even with a disguise hey eidos can you make a game that does not cheat
This is a warning to people who have not bought this game! It does not support any of the nVidia MX vidio cards.
The game it's just lame. No objectives. No lore. No music (just a repetitive background). No nothing. Just something to kill time.
One of my all time favorite games.  The HD remaster definitely looks amazing!
not much on reviewing video games but over all it a great game I would give it a try.
A great follow up to the original Empire at war. When you throw in some player made mods such as Rise of the Mandalorians. The games full potential expands immensely. 5/5 stars!
This grandma loves call of duty and this one was a great game , did not disappoint
Im a call of duty fan and this game Is the best shooter ever i recoment this game to everyone
Game did not work right. This is a great game I will have to order another copy.
What can I say.  It holds all of my games in a nice compact form factor.  It does the job and so far has held up very well.
The picture is a little faded and worn but besides that the game works like a charm! No blowing or multiple tries necessary!
Was my favorite N64 game growing up!  Still love it
Big time regret buying this game, was a huge fan of the original, however this one went down hill. Dont waste your time, believe the poor reviews of this game and move on.
Cute and works on the games it is supposed to.
GTA vice city is a great game. The missions are fun and the voice acting is great. GTA 4 is gonna be the best game ever!!!!!
this game really rocks my socks off it is epic and fun and has lots of cool characters such as crazy frog and john marston who are my personal favs (short for favorites) xD
Amazing game. A must play even if you don't like JRPG
Loved halo 1 to 4 multiplayer (1-3 campaign), but this game is complete trash...
Kind of a disappointment as an RPG. It is more like an adventure game with leveling built in.
If you love a good story line and lots of battling and a pinch of fusion you will love this game. Great RPG game similar to the others in this series. Buy it today.
Love This game... I always Play this game or Battlefield 3... these two are my top multiplayer games.. no one else.. Haha.
I like this game way better than the new Street Fighter or Mortal Kombat games.  The characters are better.  The moves are more creative.  1000% more fun than those games!
This has all of the Mario games on it and You will Love it...Please select that my Review was Helpful
My brother wanted this game for his new PS4, so I got it for him for christmas. I have the Xbox one version and I love it!
This is a wonderful game but like most good games it actually performs much better on the xbox than the ps3 so if your a fan of the series you owe it yourself to get the superior version.
Worst purchase ever. Server's didn't even work. Couldn't log into the game and make my account. Worst mistake wasting money on this game.
Obviously you guys haven't seen how awful this game really is. Do you research before you buy things.
Great rendition of the game on the PS2. I already have the game boy player on my GameCube, so I'll be able to play it on the big screen now.
The Trails games are just nice takes on classic JRPGs. Solid storytelling and worth having.
This is a gift for my little brother, he loves anything with this kind of game so I'm sure it will be a big hit for xmas...
Not what I expected tried to clean the wii u disc game made it worse don't waste your money
I was excited to get this game because I had a log time without play a Jet's game since Ace Combat. I think that this game provides a good simulation and it is very funny.
Great game, Comes with all the DLC and a Map. Hours of enjoyment were had.
I love this game.Tons of cool secrets, armor and weapons, I just found an electrified mace in a secret prison!!!
My favorite part is how the required "compatibility pack" took 1.5 hours to download 115 KILOBYTES of data. Yes it was a wonderful experience being blocked from gameplay until that 115 KILOBYTE download could complete.
great memories and a great game.  You must have this game if you have a SNES.  Gameplay still holds today, graphics are funny.
When will the Star Trek franchise finally come out with a game where the player can actually be part of the space experience ??
Ugh..crappy NES game.  I'm sure someone has nostalgia looking back on this.  Doesn't hold up well as an 8 bit classic.
Mario Kart 64 will always be the best. I don't consider myself fully biased, though. This game really is that bad.
Amazing game! Great condition!! Shoppe early!!
I will show Infinite love with the video game and Show more to my relatives and my friends. I love it
Love Tower Defense? Like Mech Mayhem? Awesome game works with an xbox 360 controller and has had a lot of replay ability its fun smashing tubes!
Don't play this kind of game too often, but love this kind of story, a little like Wolfenstien.
I love these fast paced games that are realy fun and I play them all the time I even shared them with my mom and she likes them so worth the money and so fun.
If you haven't played Skylanders get to it!  Love the characters and collectables for game play.
Very good game! The multiplayer is not overly good right now but the campaign is worth it alone.
Came in a great timeframe from purchase to delivery. Not to mention the game is really big. I put a 12 hour file in 2days. The weapons are great and so is the gameplay
game is no longer online, all servers have been shut down.
Tried multiple times.  Downloaded another game, so it wasn't my system.  Got a refund from Amazon.
This game is incredibly shallow and boring.  By the time they had me looking for mushrooms I turned the game off and used the disk as a frisbee.  Save your money and get Two Towers instead.
An true underrated gem, controls are something that need practice to master but once you got that aspect down the game amazing to play.
We bought this game to replace the one that we used to have but lost.  It is a pretty fun party game if you do not want to bust out the board.
I beat the whole game and it was a lot of fun. Lots of cars to chose from. I like and you will to.
Very good seek and find adventure game. Puzzles are fun and graphics are very good. Recommend!
My husband said he thought I would love this since I absolutely love Final Fantasy games. I didn't care for this game and turned around and sold it within a week of purchasing it.
so sad THQ went bankrupt after this game... had potential hopefully Nordic Games will continue the franchise...
After finishing the game TWICE I can say that it's absolutely beautiful a magnificisent game my favorite game on the ps4
I have a hard time believing that anyone who gave this game 4 stars ever opened the box. Horrible controls, boring, terrible plot.
This game is just like all the others just with new graffics and a lot better courses!
The game was okay but it was too repetitive throughout. The season was constantly boring and repetitive and the graphics were decent but it could have been better.
thank you .my brother loves this game he was exiced to get the game
I love Platinum Games but this is boring and repetitive. You can beat this game mashing the X button. :P
so rare to see a zombie game!instead of shoot man, you shoots zombies!!wow wow wow!cool man!gotta play this game!1st of its kind!
thiis is a great game to play the whole family plays it some day we will beat it maybe but love it
THis is the worst game in the franchise i ever plated, new nightmare on pc was way better, first of all the graphics are terable and the controls are clunky
Don't buy these they have a delay. Look up a better modle from Wii websight. You can't play any games with this doesn't work right you will not be happy.
Just the extras and not the game... Very disappointed...
where is lineage 3 ? been waiting, stop putting out fad of the month mmos and make a game someone might actually play for a year or two
I played this game once and then sold it to disc replay. I thought the game sucked it would probably be better on xbox 360
The game was trash didn't load and they wouldn't refund
Nice graphics, a few exciting moments, and kinda cute. But the gameplay is bland and and doesn't do a good job of captivating the player.
The game it is great to play, totally fun and exciting. The guide is good to have for the game, encase you you might have missed something. The game is adventures and battle.
Wonderful addition to our money pit of amiibos. All the Animal Crossing ones are such high quality. It's a shame they were made for such a useless game; Animal Crossing Amiibo Festival.
The defining features of a sequel and what it should be. A solid play for many gamers.
im into military video games but this one just kind of seemed boring. The settings that your in are kind of bland too. the story line was really basic and nothing too interesting.
Best Mario Tennis game.  Better than the Gamecube version.
game is too hard not fun at all tired  of redoing the same stupid levels over and over again nintendo sucks
This company makes bad games period. It was a bad buy for me although it was very cheap. I should have gave this one star but i'm being nice.
I had a lot of fun playing this game and it has a lot of nostalgic value for us gamers from the last generation while adding a little newness.
Horrible game. It doesn't make sense or anything and it is SO BORING! DO NOT BUY! It is so confusing and has no action to it.
Awesome game for those who follow the series!
Quite a surprise on this one.  Grandaughter says it's easier than other versions of the same game on other platforms.  She lost interest real quick.
The seller was great but the game lagged...even in campaign mode. My other games worked fine with the same connection.
My son bought this after playing it at his uncle's house and he loves it.  It is one of those games that he just can't put down.
seriously one of the best Mario games ever made ... I love Nintendo wii
Item not as described. One of the games is missing. I didn't pay 413$ for a used PS4 and a only one game instead of two.
A great Nintendo game for multiple players. Very satisfied.
This game sucks. The game play is bad, the graphics are bad, the game is all around bad. You don't want to play this game. Find another one.
What a disappointment!  This is a very crappy game!!  This is my last screenSeven game!  What the heck happened to alawar?
This was the big hit at Christmas. My son loves the game and has fun with the Amibos.
I use this with my PC to play games and its one of the best controllers I have ever used
love this game once u get past the first part i really love this game cant wait to play the 3rd on lol
Looks good no issues with it, fun game
I really like this game. I can play it over and over. It is so much fun and very good story line.
The game was really cool up until you start traveling space.  After that it was pretty much Age Of Empires with crappy graphics. Once you get into space the game gets really boring.
Really not sure why people like this game.  It's like a time machine back to graphics and gameplay from 2001.Skip it.
I've had this game before just not this version with all the DLC
Stay away from this game on ps4 here is why[...]the game lags and ubisoft hasn't updated or fixed jack and the disk and console versions do this run and run fast to a better game
Great game to enjoy while deployed, made time go buy quick!
This game is a excellent japan-RPG for the Wii console. You could buy it blindly. Remember this game bring with multplayer online option
BLAST FROM THE PAST...while time I played this game I just reminised about the good old days playing super Nintendo with my brother great game for old and young alike.
It's a good tech demo for the PS4 but not a compelling game
Would have been awesome if player 2 had more of a role than pointing at ammo! Seriously p2 gets nothing but a pointer!? This is NOT a coop game
I love love love all Zelda games, now if only I could beat them all 100%
Enjoyed this type of game as always. Met all my expectations and have played many hours with this type of FPS.
The beginning!  Just the sound of the chime when a game starts is enough to make me misty eyed.
WOW! this game is amazing and compatible with my XBOX 360 PC game pad.You cant beat the price, and the story is epic.
This might be the game you like to play. As for me, I personally didn't care for it, just personal preference.
This game was horrible. Traded it in 2 weeks after purchase.
None of the reviews I've seen for this game mentioned the SecuROM DRM. Thanks for the warning.
Great game but I miss the old guilty gear.
One of the most fun games for all ages. Excellent graphics. Best game in ages!!
Is a boring game one of the worst games of lego
I will show Infinite love with the video game and Show more to my relatives and my friends. I love it
My childhood is renew with this game. I grew up playing backyard baseball for the PC.
This game is beautiful . Great story really cool guns . Love this game . Why bad reviews guess people expect too much but i enjoyed it
Initially bummed out about the length of the game for 60 bucks, but it was actually a pretty good experience and honestly, if they made a sequel, I would play it.
Cons-Feels like its made of porcelain- Buttons stick after one round of a fighting game- Joysticks not precise for gamingPros- Amazon gave me my money back
Great game. As good as Pokemon X/Y.
Legendary game No more needs to be said.
Great game love to play  so muc fun and is a great way to kill down time love all the different levels and the music is relaxing as well.
I bought this for my daughter for christmas.  She just loves the game.  Graphics are very nice and it doesn't seem that hard to play.
Very bad game. Not makes any sense. Ugly graphic. The missions repeated.
Currently my favorite game! Great for super experienced and beginner gamers.
Worst AC game yet. Ubisoft really LOWERED the bar on this one.
This is a Ok game, there are better games for the Wii than this one, but it is OK
incompatible with my singapore bought xbox console!Apparently there are several types of ntsc xbox version. The one sold in Singapore is ntsc-j, so I returned this game.
Not a good game, graphics are sloppy and controls aren't great.  The voice acting isn't even slightly matched up with characters mouth movements.
After the Weather update and some server stability fixes this game went from 2 to 5. Amazing looking game.
loved this game can't wait for borderlands 2 goty to come out, i know for sure i'm buying it for the ps3. just awesome
In the previous sagas the graphics this is excellent, better gameplay, has more side missions, so I recommend 100% for anyone to play
false advertising as a multi-player game. Multi-player is no longer supported so you cannot use it as such. Big let down.
Still to this day one of the best boxing games ever made.  Great control, great gameplay, cheap fighters, and very difficult to beat.
Well packed and shipped. But my grandson did not like the game. He said it was boring and he wouldn't play it. Waste in the present department not the game.
I downloaded this game, and ran it.  It worked twice and now just blackscreens instead of going to the city/game selection screen.  It's unusable.
Dont waste you money with this video game. Belive me...
As a gamer expecting something similar to the previous editions of Battlefront and who greatly prefers RPGs in general, this game is a colossal disappointment.
For some reason this game didn't catch my attention as much as Stronghold Crusader did. Maybe my standards for graphics are subconsciously higher now, but I seem to remember Stronghold Crusader being much more fun.
Good game. I think the effects are awesome.  You can crash way too easy but still a great game.  Thank you
For the price you can't beat it. The game is fantastic fun. This game brings back memories from back in the PS2 days. Pick up a copy, you won't be disappointed.
was not as good as I hoped, i was hoping for a better story line game play was okay.  I didt like jumping from camera to camera
Ordered this game for the price but after some time of gaming found this game worth more the priceI paid
Great game a must have on the gba 100 percent confirmed
Hated this game and wish I didn't waste the time and money on this weak attempt at a franchise... Awful
I got this game for my nephew malachi and he sid he liked it. I don't know if he finished it yet but i'm sure he likes it
I paid for the game, and also have to pay for playing?  !@#$ Sony won't ever buy on of their games
I am glad I bought this here cause the game sucks
This game has one of the most artistically fascinating and creepy sequences in a game ever. I will not spoil it, but if you have not played it, get this one!
The graphics are too dated. It makes the gameplay very stiff. Get the latest incarnation of this game which is VERY good.
Get Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri, the true heir to Civ 2 instead.It's a game which trumphs this one in all respects except the trivial ones(like graphics).
Just like all amiibos this is a must buy product for any collection. You can not go wrong with the purchase of these great products for all your favorite wii u games.
My kids love the games and I got it at a great cost.
I bought game used. So wasn't expecting much. But it showed up in paper sleeve.
The wall walk is very annoying and basically removed the fun in the game.
The description said "DVD" and I got 4 CDs. Also, disk 3 was cracked. Ended up buying it somewhere else and the game is great, but not from here.
Challenging indeed, but bloody aweful game. This game was just torture to me. Did not like the introduction at all. Or was there even a proper introduction??
such a bad framerate. I don't know what people are talking about. if you want a racer pass this one up. BUY sonic allstars or mod nation this games framerate is unbearable.
I love The Sims in all it's incarnations. Now I have more items in my game.
The game looks fine, but it doesn't work. I bought 6 games from this seller, 5 of which did not work.
This game is unfinished. I suggest a PS4 with PES
Terrible. Worst game I've ever played. Ubisoft is trash.
This has to be one of the worst boring games I have ever had the displeasure of playing.  It's more exciting to sit outside and watch the grass grow.
First play through was fun. Post-game content fell short of expectations.
Uncharted isn't even a real word in the dictionary, and the graphics arn't even as good as my N641-6 terrible game
poor graphics. stupid story line and unfriendly game manipulation. not worth the time to download
Truly an amazing game. I wish there were more rpgs like the in today's modern gaming world.
I kinda did my review on the ps4 remastered version telling people to just buy the game for the ps3.
amazing game that more people need to play!!!!! A masterpiece lets hope we get the 2nd and 3rd ones too.
Such a waste of time and money. DRM is the biggest rip off game developers can do to paying customers.
It did not cm n game case I waz upset wit how it waz mail 2 me It is a xmas gift & I dnt wnt 2 gv like tis it looks used Where is the case
My granddaughter has been asking for this for awhile now so when I purchesed it for her she hasn't played any other games. She talks about it all the time and is very pleased.
Not much to say about this game. I disliked it. Boring nearly all the time and not quite original. Soundtrack is just as bad.
Wife loves her Sim games. She likes this game a lot.
It's not what they make it seem. And if you are looking to play the games you did when you were a child this is not the one for you. Bc they mixed them all up
biggest regret buying this game. it was cool at first then it got completely stupid. multiplayer sucks and you should never even think about getting this.
When the game arrived, the activation code was misprinted and too short, so I couldn't play it.
Great amiibo, good detail, and functionality for the games. Look forward to what functionality is added for future Fire Emblem games with it.
i love this game so much i play it every day
I played this game all the time when I was a young teenager. It was the first fully realized GTA game. It still hold up today and that is saying something. 9/10
It glitched up a lot. Couldnt play it.This copy did work but this is a great game. I love it. I would buy a good copy.
Looks nice but the L and R buttons are bit springy and they aren't like the ones on the actual gamecube controller.
Only word I can say is this game has the nice graphic but the rolling screen hurting my eyes. pretty hard to win the game..I don't have any fun playing this game.
This is absolutely one of my favorite games and I only bought it as a replacement for my old on that had been scratched. I can't wait for the release of Mas Effect Andromeda.
The game has various fun things to do but the use of bland colors and generic henchmen make it boring for me.
The most fun sniper game out there, PERIOD.
the poker game in the game didn't work and the part at the dock didn't work either this was a humongus waste of time
Didn't really like it..  Certainly not what i thought it was going to be.  The graphics and game play kinda sucked...
you barely get too play cuz the game keeps playing clips during the game when you have to run the game makes puss in boots run w/o you doing so... I beat it in an hour
The game is very good and my wife and I enjoy playing it together.
loved this game when i was younger, arrived on time, loaded with bragging rights, success
Very repetitive and very boring.  I thought the graphics were subpar for an XBOX 360 game.
Got this for my fiancee for christmas and it was a big hit.  This is a great game and the seller's version arrived promptly and as expected.
I love all of Ubisoft's games but this is Fun for about an hour then mehh.. If your lookin. For a snowboard game Mark Mcmorris Infinite Air is much better.
Loved this game it brought back memories of my childhood.
Horrible game, good close to great graphics but over all a bad game, not recommended.
if you like total war games, you will love this game. Play it everyday until i got the new verison of rome.
if you have ever played rts games, you probably know that they are really for pc, they lack the controls to properly work the game
The item was listed as new. It wasnt, the game case was torn and out of its celophane wrap. The club nintendo registration insert was missing.
Wish they made a second one, great game to kill off a few hours of time. Also adds more story to the Halo series which is nice.
it wouldnt play on my older desktop and it won't play on my new laptop so you must have to have a super computer to play the game.
Had to configure for each game buttons would not map properly and reset every time I closed the game
Terrible stupid game. Should have watched more game-play videos first.Move integration is pathetic and pointless. You effectively play with it like a standard controller.
We bought the 4gb xbox thinking that our kids would never fill up that much space.  we were wrong lol.  Love having the extra space for all the game demos they are always downloading
they tried to make a metal gear game into a turn based games. like the pokemon games! cept it sucked. unlike the pokemon games.do not buy!really sucky... and frustrating too.
This game both my son and my daughter have enjoyed, still playing with. The package arrived on time, with a very good protection. I recommend it to all who want to buy it.
Not fun. Boring, repetitive gameplay. Bosses are cool looking but that's it. Even on hard not enjoyable or challenging.
This is a kick to play and to watch others play.  Our grandson especially loves this game and he gets a big workout playing it.
Dumb game..."saves" too far in between.
It won't let me install the game unless I have the first Homefront game so why is that or the product code is wrong and I have a stream account and that is what stream is saying
this game makes  no sense at all the graphics are good for what it is but if your not getting it for a five year old don't bother wasting your time
As far as a game goes, it's not worthy of the PS4.  Lame game play and linear.  Nothing special about it.
If your a killzone fan or just want that next gen feel get this game the graphics are amazing but story and writing is weak and the Multilayer takes skill
Fun until you realize it's only one level long and there's no difficulty to it. Worst Nintendo game I've played in a long time.
an amazing series and overall fun game. be warned it touches on adult topics and themes as would any Grand theft auto would
Have yet to complete game, it wil really consume your time. if you like playing lon drawn out games this is the one foe you.
One of the most successful computer games every written.  It is still played and online players still exist to keep this great game alive after twelve years.
graphically beautiful, nice open world, forza never disappoints , great game
The puzzles are tedious and there are way too many of them.  And it's not even in the same league as most Nancy Drew games. The story line isn't good at all.
Bundle is nice but game was crap and is free to play now but you are very limited to what you can do in game for free. EA Bioware Fail
Had this game before for another system and I loved playing it. I enjoyed playing pinball a lot when I was a kid and still enjoy playing them now.
Great. great, great game for my son and I to play and talk
Love this game a lot.  Just had to replace it because the old one got scratched up.
Havent played racing games in a few gens, doesnt seem like they have come very far.
This was an awesome game to play! It worked great and helped out my Gamerscore!
What can I say, while I made it through the game, there is nothing to draw me back. Next time Blizzard shouldn't just sit on their butt and make cash off WoW.
i hate this game bc its hard and not use to it and i got rid of after 2 min of if
these games are too garbagy for me ....sold it
this is 1 of the best games on the ps vita thanks im looking forward for ninja gaiden sigma 2
you like the assassin's ceed games then play this one
These games where bad when they came out, now a remaster really? Give it up square let real game makers make RPGs now your time is over.
Time based RPG that runs on a micro managing time. Sorry, I like to grind farm etc. Timed micro managing games make everything stressed and rushed.
I played the first alice at release and the new one is Amazing to me. alright combat, and upgrade system. but the design and game art is where it shines
I'm not a fan of pay to play, that's about the only downfall for this game to me. Great value for the price.
My nephew just kills this game. Still one of his favourites.
I love this game. Best to buy direct from Amazon, or you may get a too well used copy.
Great price and got a free stearing wheel with the game.  Fast service and would recommend to anyone, will shop again.
It was not only fun to find the hidden objects but to see the beautifulpictures as well.  An interesting game.
It came fast and in perfect condition. My low rating is because of how short the game is. 10 hours to beat it and another 4 for all the dlc.
having to change gear to harvest minerals? Too linear in its gaming theory. Not a terrible game just not my stuff.
Great gift, my boyfriend collects all these video games, movies, etc.
I only played through a quarter of the game.  I found it very entertaining.  If you have kids or other members of the family who do not like animals skinned, then don't buy this.
Amazing Game! So many variations and a grwat storyline to drive it. HUGE by comparison to the 1st installment. If you liked the original, you will LOVE this game.
I don't have any interest in this game. I was stupid to buy them before actually playing then... boring! get halo or gears instead.
Yeah its deception alright.. crappy gameplay and just about crappy everything else
Didn't like this game as much as I thought I would.
Cheap and weak don't get it, love to return it but I loose more money in doing so. Can't even use it to open a simple game that needs proper cleaning.
This game is a mess. The online doesn't work properly AT ALL and the graphics are terrible for a remaster. Wait and buy for 5 bucks. Do some research and save yourself some headache.
To many game flaws. It's hard to believe that I'm the only one noticing this.
This piece of s*** Corrupted on me out of nowhere. I was enjoy playing my videogames and all of a sudden the saved data erased.
The game is stupid, hard as hell and after it all you get a ending in text that wasen't proof read as it is all spelled wrong.
Amazing game - The best game of the generation so far. It has great action, great open world gameplay, nice combat, and compelling story. Buy this and have 50 amazing hours!
Another cheap game I bought that I have tried once and sleeps in my game shelf.
I love this console. I enjoy the games, movies and many more.
I cant say enough good things about Infinity . It is a wonderful game for all ages , our family , boys, girls and parents enjoy this game!
I grew up playing this game i remember when it was brand new and when it was it was better.
Beautiful graphics, decent story, but extremely boring, average first person shooter. Nothing new or innovative here. I would recommend renting this game before buying it.
Nice game, I play it over and over again, highly recommended.
This is quite literally one of the most awful games I have ever played free or not this game is trash and do not waste your time. Everything from the story to controls are just horrid.
Don't except this blatant cash grab, wait for The Phantom Pain.  -  One star, because the game's nearly as short as this review.
I hated this game. Too complicated to catch. Returned for refund.
I have owned this game for many years and it never gets old.. This is a must for any PSP owner who lovers a first person shooter
Brand new game that's AAA, 500gb hard drive in a new body that's 25% smaller and consumes less power. Great deal and value for an upgrade or buying for the first time.
These games did not hold up to the test of time. Blacks ops 1 and 2 do, though.
This game really sucks!Sometimes you can not see the enemy, and they are shotting toyou! What, non-see nazis?Do not buy this game.
This is a cute fun game! Great for kids!
Aw man this game is bad, Didn't come with original case but thats fine. Condition was alright. Good seller.
This is one of his favorite games.  He is ten years old and these are great.  It is fun and clean, and very appropriate for this age group.
Sorry......I don't have* this game.......Wrong game in box!!  Sent it back quite awhile ago...Poppy in Georgia
This game is supposed to be written meant for kids. In fact for 2yr olds. It's too simple to be called a Nintendo game.
Won't play some of my ds lite games!!!
All I have to say is that this game is horrible.  I found little in it I liked and I loved all the others in the RE series.I found the gameplay to be almost "pre-RE1".
I love love love this game. It's a little button heavy for my joint problems, but I'd play this through 5-6 times if I had the energy and time. It's that good.
love it, order this for myself loved playing it and have won it, great game looking forward to next games
Usually I judge the "fun" of a game by whether my older boy will play it. I think he played it once, and threw it aside and that was it.
Would not recomend at all. Bad ideas after bad ideas. They are giving baseball games a bad reputation. Where is EA Sports!?
This game is not playable on windows 8.1 and has a fatal error while trying to play and I will not sacrifice the security of my computer to play this game.
my son had a hard time figuring how to start the game. you need to make more simpler for children to understand how to play it.
This didn't work at all. Would not recommend. Didn't recognize any of my games and the interface is extremely clunk to use.
The game came in great condition but the story was kind of boring and there's no split screen. I played it for two days and now it's trash.
Excellent game.  I played through several times and enjoyed it.
This game is dangerous, and violent and ugly. It doesn't respect people's rights. This game must be prohibit  because it is depravity and violence and filth
I was kind of unimpressed by the fact that the game had only one mashup and that you needed Just Dance Unlimited to get the other mashups. This game is to shallow in my opinion.
Such a great price for a good game! No complaints
With far too many bugs and crashes and the slowest load times of any save games ever seen on the XBOX this game is basicly unplayable by all but the most patient or fanatical.
amazing game, you don't need to be a batman fan enjoy this. it's one heck of a long enjoyably fun game with a lot of twists and turn
Would rather literally ride to hell than play this game again.
What can I say! Halo is an awesome game. I have played the first and the most recent. the game is fun. arrived on time and in perfect condition.
Simple product yet adds that touch of awesome to your game station of any kind. Holds my HyperX headset and blends extremely well with my red LED desktop.
Birthday present for my son. Very cool game, make your own Mario course.
Everything I hoped it would be, very fun and very addicting. Don't hesitate to buy this game. 10 / 10
Very old, and boring game, im a fan of FPS but this game whats my final decision to sell my 360
Nice bundle. PS4 is a great console system with good eclusive games
As of March 2017 this game is still trash. Capcom should have every known DLC for free.
This is a fantastic game. I started playing right away. Everyone should try this. Shane
This case does not stay on the 2ds. The game system pops out. I returned mine and got a refund (thanks Amazon :-))
Great game!2nd one was better for me though.I know it's not well loved, but I loved the dresspheres!
Deffinatley rushed. Experienced glitches within the first 2 games I played. If your a baseball fan your best option is a mlb 2k series game on a ps3.
This is not the best game as they needed to make the graphics better as thisis the age of technology but I do play from time to time but not my favorite gameto play.
game doesn't work on windows 10. i google searched knowledge bases and downloaded updated drivers which didn't resolve.
this game not working I recommended don't buy this disk because is not functional don't waste your time and money in that....
Thanks for such a great conditioned and priced game!
Been playing Sims since first edition.  Dont always play it, but I enjoy it when I do.  I was actually able to build my house in the game!  Good for when your bored.  =)
This is for young gamers that can do all the multiple button pushing required to get the players to summersalt of the walls and into the end zone.  To difficult for this old jarhead!
Had this game for a couple years now and still enjoy it -This is one of the best shooters ever.
Another great good game. I like story and gameplay.
Great game... a little to addicting but I don't know if that is a downfall or not.
I love this and I playing it and really hope the make a series out this with more games that move the story forward....
This was the worst game I ever played! it was hard to figure out at first and even when I changed locations  didn't seem to do much.
just ad another great game to there francise love these games can go hunting any time cant be mad at that great fun
This game especially for what I paid $9.95 new at amazon was a steal.  Fun and entertaining for the whole family.  So give it a try it is worth the chance.
My my opinion this game its ok but its not worth 59.99 !!!
I find this game to be quite Shallow & Pedantic.  I tried for several hours then gave up.  I'd rather have intercourse with a large woman than play this overhyped POS
I never beat the game for xbox original,thats why I bought it now HD,great game,I love Halo games. I enjoy playing it.
I didn't even get into the story. It might be great but I don't care. It is like playing a game made 10 years ago.
Outstanding game. For this of you who mourn the end of the uncharted franchise this is the game for you. Gameplay very similar with more weapon customization. All in all a thrilling game.
The AI is Lost. While you gook for clues your partner will just look at dead walls. Be young that game play is is so dry and boring.
Infamous is a great game.  It has tons of action and we are thoroughly enjoying it.
I have a pretty decent gaming PC & this game totally lags & keeps crashing it. I should have researched better before getting it, because lots of people have the same problem
so much work to put into such a negative game... ugg.
I spy's are always fun. You can never go wrong with the ispy games. I wish they were longer and more of them.
A must have for any fan of the series, Blizzard or fun games in general!
The reason I am rating this game 2 stars is because this game is ok not what I expected this game to be thought it was gonna be fun
My boys love this game the graphics are pretty amazing.
i want this game bad but have not found one that will work i am trying to return 2nd now
Different child same game. They will be ready for the cold winter nights. I love to sit with them & watch. Came on time, package done well.
I try to play on a PC with windows 7 and 8 neither will play zombies. It's the main reason I got this game. how could they be so incompetent to not patch this yet.
I had more expectations for this game. I just can't put myself to play it anymore. It's really repetitive and childish, just not my thing.
Fantastic game, but I play it muted because if the terrible music... I mean your walking around town n out of nowhere you hear 1,2,3,4 in the song then a bunch of random ohhs n ahhs
My daughter loves this game! All I can say is that Mario will never grow old and will always be a hit no matter the generation
Its ok but gets boring if u don't have your friends playing online with u because they don't have game yet or they rather play battlefield instead  playing  call duty game
A beautiful game with strong seamless panorama of gameplay and film elements of Playstation 3 generation that tops it all.
Great gift, my boyfriend collects all these video games, movies, etc.
Hated this controller. Didn't work with any of my games.....sent it back.
Good game for those of us that grew up in the 80s or love classic 80s games, good to pass the time...
Not good at all. Nothing good about the game. Lasted about 10 minutes until I was bored. Maybe was a good game 15 years ago.
Great controller! no complain here fast shipping, works great with all games, don't waste your money on cheaper generic brands
too contrived, too many things going on at once, constantly changing team positions, just toooo busy. just direct orders would have much better. gave game away.
Who doesn't like this one! Yes the game play is somewhat repetitive an just because one person said it doesn't mean everyone has to jump on the band wagon and make a youtube vid.
I have not used this Nintendo NFC reader, but have it as a Nintendo collection item for my future game room.
Just loving it. The best game story in the video games industry with some really smart and intellectual twists that makes this game my favorite single player game ever.
Ads for real-life products in-game.Unbearable loading times.Played 2 hours and I hated it.It's not a Final Fantasy game, just a moneygrab by Square Enix.Requesting my money back.
What's to say, it's a new PS4 with 2 cool games.  Definitely worth the money.
gta are my favorites games, the missions, cars, bikes, flying and more ...if you are free you must be a great gamer with may experience
Not really a good game to play kind of sucks
I need another controller to play games with my friends and family and this was a good price and it works nicely.
I hated this game. So boring ... Ps4 is so lame right now. Hopefully the order is good.
This is one of the worst games I have ever played.  If slow and boring with garbage mechanics are your thing...GOOD NEWS!  You found the game for you!
I found this game to be very fun to play.
The item came in odd plastic packaging not like the normal plastic around game cases, the disk floating around in the case and there was no game manuals or books inside
This memory card is garbage. It only works on some PS2 games. It could just be me but I think a PS2 memory card should work for ALL PS2 games.
Bought as a gift for my nephew, who seems to like to play this more than any other game he received for Christmas
This game is just terrible. I can't believe Nintendo funded this. Worst game this year. I returned this after an hour of playing. This game panders to perverts.
Great game with a lot of core mechanics similar to monster hunter franchise only its a little darker and more fun. Its not perfect but its a must own for Vita owners.
Great game. Its its own kind of game.. The only thing i cant think its similar to is its combat which is like improved GTA combat
Was wanting to try this version of the game and now i can see why when everyone does say get this game a try, very good
game is unfair evertime you try to compleate a mission you are shot and killed all the nazis hit you from envery where without aiming its too hard and unfair
I just didn't enjoy the game.  I prefer games with more interactive gameplay than cinematics.  It seems like MGS is heavy on story time.
Hidden objects ok but story not that interesting and game not that interesting.
Excellent choice for a younger Star Wars gaming fan; older game, not as snazzy as some others, but a very good selection for the price.
My son did not care for this game to much
Another bad story telling racing game.  EA needs to change their game makers, get the old guys out of retirement
xbox360 transplant classic game, play it very fulfilling.
The kingdom hearts series has always been good and I was told this game is no exception. I enjoy playing this game series.
I like this game first you have to find hidden objects and then you play jewels section, I'excited to figure out this game in the nearfurrture.
I love this game. The price was good, and it came in a timely fashion. I've enjoyed playing it. thanks!
This game has not aged well at all. Quite frankly the quality of final fantasy games has been waning. This game is just boring as hell.
It is better than i remember its an awesome game and glad i purchased it to replace my old one.
It HACKS your system and game and system. Sometimes it even renders the game or system USELESS and broken. I wouldn't advise anyone to use them.
Gave this game about 3 hours of my time. It was 2 boring and I just didn't like the control setup.
I bought these to extend the length of the game cube controller reach. Everyone that uses these has no issues with poor controller reaction times and can sit just about anywhere to play.
Excellent Nintendo game, I get bored playing it.
These games are lame. They're not scary and the gameplay is pethetic. The camera angles on it me the game almost unplayable. The fighting style is very boring and stupid.
I played it for maybe 15 minutes... which is unfair... but to be fair, it didn't catch my interest with the gameplay whatsoever.
I really love Resident Evil. Though I didn't get too far in this game I really liked it. However I lost it.
The game won't load during the hermes chase.
not a bad game but not on devil may cry 4's level of gameplay. worth the shipping and price tag.
Terrible, constantly crouching so as to not make noise else the creature kills you. A drawn out game of hide and seek. Hardly any action.
I honestly think this game sucks. I've never played a game so boring in my life.
This game is very fun.(if yo think this is a short review your right, i did it on purpose.)
This game stinks! I am real disappointed!!! Activision is throwing out anything to make a buck without thinking of gamers
This game was worth the  1 year wait to come to ps4. Good story (not great), amazing graphics, smooth game play, and all documents is included.
Amazing game I've spent nearly 40+ hours in-game. The included DLC just tops it.
This game was a blast. Great story line, creative interactions with charecter and charecter developement. And the sound track was a huge bonus.
This system isn't very family friendly by any means..all the games they make for it are aimed at the male audience..to me that's pretty sexist..I bought a ps4 instead
This game is so hardcore. Right now, mostly russian servers are open, as everyone else has migrated to BF3, so turn your mic on beforehand for guaranteed fun. Rated E 10+
I cannot rate the fun or overall experience of this game as it was out of stock and the order was cancelled.
This game is a great classic. It's no wonder it started an entire series filled with great action packed games.
Yes I'm nice entertaining game buy it before Christmas so you can play it on the 25th if you get it you understand
Disc arrived scratched. Skipped a lot. Had to have local game store re surface it.
The greatest action game ever? Really? Sorry witch but you're not even close to Devil May Cry 1/3.
Best bloody roar game out there, they really should remake this.But definetly the best BR to get
My son loves this game. I bought it for his birthday. Up until then he was borrowing his best friends copy of the game. It has brought him hours of endless joy.
Expected good things from this game, and what did it give me? Constant lag spikes, HORRID graphics (MW1 looking). Don't buy unless you like being dissapointed.
This game was incredible. By FAR the best community in an MMO I have ever encountered.
Must have for Metal Gear fans.Only downside is the two PS1 games, Metal Gear Solid and Metal Gear VR missions are available via download codes and not on disk.
great game. Right along the lines of Ar Tonelico and just grind away to have fun.
Great game!  Hours of fun and cross-breeding unicorns ;)  Not for the very young, sheltered or misinformed about the birds and the bees.
The game is very fun, if you have a GameCube or a Wii, you should definitely consider this game.
The updates for the fanboys made this game too easy.  This series has reached cod fanboy status.  Prepare for nothing but disappointment from Hidetaka Miyazaki.
I bought this for my 10 year old "gamer" he loves it works great and how do you not love something that is from the Legend of Zelda!
Good story and gameplay good soundtrack not soft but so hard to play it but so relax. i think you love it
Cool game, always online is bs though. No reason single player campaign can't be played offline. Very very annoying! Developers wtf.
Fun game. Even better than Battlefield 3. Can't beat the low price.
This was a family fun game, We play this game often together so its considered a classic for us. Especially loved being able to beat up people using anything in the room.
I did not enjoy this game..couldn't figure out what to do and didn't play with it... thought it was more of a time management kind of game.
This is a really good game. Any one who likes 1st person shooters would like this. Also there are cool vehicles to drive.
a great game to play with friends and family.one of the most owns for the wii u
Nice game, and everything go normally , excelent shiping , recomended 100 % . . . . . . .
Disappointing  Solitaire Overload had many solitaire games but the graphics and the fun of it compared to other games that are ds was simply disappointing.
I love it, keeps my games all in order and easier to keep track of my controllers too. It was a little stubborn to put together but it was worth it once i finished.
Awesome anime game with interesting characters and story. Great action if you are a fan of the Dynasty/ Samurai series. Graphically nice compared to what koei usually do.
This plays like the old arcade game, but was unaware that it was NOT a full version.  The game is too old to be much of a 'tease'.  Not recommended.
one of the worst games i have seen/played,Control: 3/10Graphics: 6/10Sound: 5/10Fun: 3/10Overall: 3.5/10Dont waste your monye on this one.
I thought this game would have split screen so my son and I could play together but apparently only on the xbox one version.
Really fun game and have enjoyed it so far.
Weve been playing this game for days, including myself and my husband.  Bought the wheels and even purchased some of the extra characters.  Super awesome game for the whole family.
This game at first glance seems like a boring child's game, but once you get engulfed in the actual game play and story the game becomes incredibly addicting and extremely fun.
total garbage, the game won't even run on my new computer, and the last computer I had it on it was glitchy and froze a lot.
I just starting collecting the Nancy Drew PC games some  years ago and I love them! The Phantom was no different, loved it!
This game was okay but not the best, i have to say ultimate ninga2 and clash of ninga2 are the best naruto games the other naruto games were okay, but this game was okay.
I hate this gameNo fun at all very boring & can't stand the way of playingDON'T buy you are Wasting your money
i'm having a lot of fun rolling up everything to make planets and comets.get this game if you really want to have an interesting challenge
No one mans sky is one of the worst games ever on PS4 Game has no story all u do in the game is  explore and collect resources the game is not  worth $60
this game was not fun at all.i wanted more shooter type gaming. i am sorrynot happy for what I paid for.
....... I had read these reviews before I bought this thing.  Absolutely one of the worst games ever made. This game looks like something developed in the 90's.
Great game. Instant classic. Xbone or wiiu will never have a game as classic as this.
I had a lot of fun trying it out but the mini games are hard and too hard for my 5 year old and 9 year old. Not good for young kids.
awesome 2d side scrolling game.. shocking that it was only made by 1 person . wish some newer games ran so well
My son loves this game. I often find myself playing with him. Love Street Fighter
good game if you like farming you will love it
i wasn't sure about the game play but now i play it i only can say , its a really fun zelda game alzo the 3d is amazing
It was a great game but it seemed like it didn't take that long to play through it, but would buy it again. Enjoy the game, I did!
Technical issues have made it unplayable for me. PC is recent and handles AAA titles well. No real excuse for a game well past release to still be so buggy.
I bought this for my boyfriend because he likes the borderlands games and he's happy with it so I'm happy he's happy
I was not to impressed with this game and it just seemed like a buttom puncher. personal prefference is required.
This game isn't for anyone under 30.  If you're old, you're gonna love this crap.  I turned this game off after a few minutes, that's how boring it got.
Yikes! This is a walking around simulator..Now much to do. Is this really a game?.
this is the original game pack for the wii got for sister hers got wrecked. she loves it
This is a game any hockey fan will love to play over and over.  A great Christmas gift the hockey fan in your family.
not bad, just the cover is dirty and old, inside is fine. l already finished the game, very good game.
Great game. enjoyed the storyline, not just shooting things up. Played more than once, and would probably play again.
The game has potential but the servers are riddled with cheaters and aimbots.  It could be fun if they found a way to make it fair and level, but until then I'd stay away.
zero for the gamecube is better go for that and forget this unless you like call of duty then you should get it.
Fantastic design, and a well done figure I don't even own a Wii or any other Amiibo, but I had to have this one cause it it's a fantastic game.
This game is just trouble there is no versus mode off line & you have to play thought the story mode to fight which is dumb.
Gave up on it....hate construction of weapons when pieces Are random...ruined game completely.
by far my favorite sega game for the money you get some of the all-time greats on one cartridge.
Great game! Reminds me of a sort of final fantasy and Zelda mixed together for perfection!
As always Madden is number 1 when it comes to sporting games! Loved it. Great fun and excitment. It felt like I was a part of the game...Wow!!
All high quality figurines, so that even if you're not interested in the game play aspects of the Amiibo, it's still a nice collectible :)
The worst retarded stupid racing game i ever played ridge racer on ps1 is better than this crap what the hell is this stupid crap game
let's be honest, this game was beautiful, but the play is just dull
Shipping and product works but the game blows, better off buying the walking dead season 1 and 2 you will enjoy them more
Did not think I would like the game when I saw the cover, but it's a lot of fun.  Brings the wild west feeling back again.
I love the game, but it took way too long to arrive at my house.
A lightgun shooter that makes you move yourself does not a fun game make
A big waste of money, I spent 2 hours trying to register the game with no success. Maybe I'm just used to putting g the game in n playing.
If you like this game your not a human or your liying to yourself.
This was a gift for my grandson who likes it very much. I recommend this game for anyone who enjoys such a game.
Love them or hate them, HD collections are great to relive or to try out older games. DMC is a great playstation series and I highly recommend it.
What can i say about this game that hasn't been said before? If u haven't play it, just buy the thing
They only know how to make good racing games this one is no exception! With hundreds of hour racing and customizing cars you'll def be engaged til every last car is in your garage!
Easily one of the best Wii games for the Wii, love every game on it. Great for when friends are over.
I don't play because I don't down loan on my computer it been lock in my computer and don't share line game
Very fun and challenging game!! The day stages are better than the night stages. The Xbox version is way better than the Wii version. Similar to Sonic Generations!!
It's a pretty cool game, but not being able to use the wheel pretty much ruins it for me. If I had known that, I wouldn't have bought it.
Really fun game. My wife and I enjoyed playing together.
After playing the ps3 and Xbox 360 versions of the game, the ds version it's really poor, I know that the ds is a handheld but I could have been better..
I do not understand why there is such hype around this game. It is dumb. My child loves it and I do not know why. It simply is not fun.
It showed up really beat up, it even had a hole through the game case. I was really excited for it so it is just unbelievably disappointing.
The creators lied about many features, even the E3 trailer is full of things that aren't in the game. Do not buy this, it's a boring waste of money.
This game is so lame it's for people that play in their basement all the time and have no life just like the war craft dorks not good
No arcade mode..... Come on now every fighting game should always have offline single mode just like the good old days of the classic street fighter games i be waiting for mortal kombat Xl edition!
Game came scratched but it was brand new in the box as advertised. Packaging want so great and the game came loose in the case and scratched up bad. The kids never got to play it.
Great game! Liked it so much bought the season pass.
Check out some of my coolest levels.Frog Suit Mario: DEC5-0000-001A-49DFSMW Monty Mole Zone: 09AA-0000-0025-6351Quick Timing Mario Jumps: 3C18-0000-0049-2493These levels can only be played in the game itself!
This game is rock hard.  Extremely challenging.  Not in a fun way.  You should be able to skip the stages that suck.
A game that isn't for me but some may love it
This game is very fun and give a very good challenge.The fan will love this game.
Not at all memorable, just a game they threw together for an early release on new consoles
wow just wow easy game. no real npc bonding. enemies have poor AI and zelda look better  before he put on his green tunic
I know that most people don't like this game, but in my opinion its better then the third one... Even thou, the third one is a great game...
I loved this game on my 360 and i love it even more on my xbox one the upgrade couldve been a little bit better but no complaints here awesome gameplay and fun story enjoy.
not a full game...should be worth $20 at the most.
I got this for another as a gift. They play it a lot. So it must be pretty good. Though mods help add more things into the game like tractors.
Super Mario World is a SNES classic, game worked flawlessly.
I'm a fan of the GT series and really wanted to get back into racing games. This was just a disappointing option...
It's the standalone game with all the extra DLC crap bundled in. What's not to like?
it is a good game I played it for a while and I probably play it again good game to play
I start the SHINOVI VERSUS anime video game  for thepsvita.It has sexy girls in the SHINOVI VERSUS anime video game.
I personally love this game. It simply improves on the first game in every way. Sure, its not perfect, but what is? Much better than F.3. A.R.
This game is sub par for Blizzard.  Not fun, no customization and offers nothing new.  Just play Diablo 2 and save your money.
Trash game but i guess its worth it for like a dollar
Suggest getting this for a different platform. Its annoying on the Wii if you are an old time fps and third person gamer. Gestures feel awkward and often times mistake the intended results.
Great game! Kids love to play it.
I purchased this game brand new, and yet Steam still said it was regestered to another computer.  What the @#$%?
This game is actually fun for the price, but it will encourage you to vaccuum, wash the car, cut the lawn, etc.  It takes DAYS to get anywhere!
It's not X. I don't know what they were thinking when they released this piece of garbage. X is a monster in this game and he sounds like an ass.
This is one of my least favorite games of the 360 generation.  At first it had promise but then it gets boring and stale quickly.  Not recommended.
I love using this adapter with my computer to play Windows 10 games :)
This is just another Oblivion with some sci-fi make over. big chunk of conversation makes me falling to sleep. Not my type of game.
The best tactical and Espionage game don't doubt it.
I think this game really belongs on a console, on the PC I was expecting smooth controls and a seamless game. I gave up playing this within 20 minutes. Terrible!
If you watch Netflix, Hulu, etc. having a regular remote is so much easier to use than the game controllers.
Complete waste of money these things don't change anything about your gameplay besides making you think your game is better do not buy, practice more.
Very short lasting game. Yet again the hype is more than it definitely is.
I mainly purchased this for the free 17-week trial of NFL Sunday TIcket, but the game itself is very solid as well.
this controler is cool!  should i get it with my black gamecube? please  vote yes or know on the online review for me if i should get the controler. luigis mansion rocks!
I love the design of the mouse, but I used this mouse for almost a year, and the mouse started to not register clicks randomly, and this really impacted my gameplay.
This is an awesome entertaining game with puzzles that will make you think for a while and that's hy I like it
I don't see a point in buying the PC version when you could get all of the angry birds games free on mobile phones
Another trash game buy Sony... Complete garbage after 10 hrs playing wow extremely boring graphics are absolutely horrible buyers be aware its over hype its not worth 10 bucks
I downloaded this game several times and could not get it to work properly. I have Windows 7 on my computer
Bought this game for $2. It's literally a waste of money. Even at that price.
works and plays well. came in great condition. Did not come with cover buts that's ok sense the game works great.
Great game, the graphics are good, the music too, and the gameplay is awesome, i recommend to everybody, buy this game !!!
i liked this game better when I was a kid, it's just too difficult for me
I brought this game the year it came out I can only beat the level with proto eye I had a good experience with this product
I think Pokmon x is one of the best pokemon games of all time. Also this game can still be very fun even if you are a beginner or an expert!
I played this game as much as the next bobblehead with the 5 star review, so I give it 1 star.
Very addictive and fun game to play. The world is just beginning and with all content planned to be added the game will continue to grow and get better in the coming months.
Get it great game promise won't be disappointed
Unfortunately all the negative reviews on this are true, way too many flaws and the combat system in this is terrible. There are way better games out there than this.
Dear God what has Fallout and video game in general become? This terrible user interface and absurdly farce story line does not deserve more than what has been said.
This game is a bit weird. It is fun to play but is a bit out dated and confusing. Buy it at a low price and it's worth it.
for 29.99 the game is a bargain! it has tons of games that you could play. i love it!
I love this game. The copy I got was terribly corrupt. It could not save after the second mission. I could not return it. DO NOT BUY FROM THIS DEALER.
I have bought this game at Gamestop and it has been freezing on me.I am not sure if its the game or the console.
For a resident evil fan seeing these games come to the PS4 is great.
Fast delivery. My son just finished this game and he love it.
Great controller! Really helpful on a lot of games
The game is curious at first but the more I play it the more bored I get.  I feel like Civ V was more creative and elaborated.
Exactly what i needed... holds on my games and its compact... shipped quick even though it came from Japan. No issues
This is one of the worst games I've ever played. Bad gameplay. Lame character models. Bad graphics, and just a mess. Make a good LOTR game NOW!
For 60 dollars this game is so shallow in content. Single player was much better than multiplayer. Battlefield 4 was so much better.
Slow sluggish game play, buttons don't always respond the way you think they should because of coding, can't complete entire game. No usage or expertise settings.
Everytime the game updates there is a chance of you save being corrupted so i just give up on all these batman games. Every game has this problem and the publisher doesnt care.
This game is incredibly fun, and for the price, it is certainly worth picking up.
Grandson loves this game and plays it often:)
the story mode is great but the online play is horrible it need a lot of work.I would recommend on waiting till it is patched before buying this game.
Just not worth it at this point.  The game is broken and unplayable im sure with some patches it will be ok in the long run but i wouldnt hold my breath
This game is so fun I've played it several times. The puzzles are fun to solve and the story makes you want to keep playing well past your bedtime.
The product was as the seller mencioned. Great game.
the graphics in this game are amazing and it on the challenging side my son says u have to have stealth and accuracy in this game!
It brought back memories to play this game as an adult! I do believe my 4 children will have a blast playing this game
This game is a Masterpiece, great music, story and atmosphere, it's in my memory since the first time i've played, i highly recommend this game !!!!
From spotty controls to boring combat, this game will not satisfy any sort of action buff's yearning for a good video game.  Don't waste your money.
cant play a guitardo you have a couple of hours a daywill you work a little to rock on.It works, If you work a littleHaving fun is part of the game
It is a simulator game more, but nothing to do compared to those who came out for the PS2. the camera is very bad game. no fun. not recommended
My son loved this game! Thank you!
This game is terrible, buy Far Cry 3
Terrible character control. Stiff and non-intuitive. The game is scary because you can't move. The horror is trying to play. It's the only game I haven't finished in years.
a very long game  but a good game in all.
only buy if you like platformer games, lots of wall running and timed jumping and mech games.  otherwise it is just horrible.
Like many other reviews have stated, huge price for so little content. Same maps and gameplay get old really fast. Expected way more for the hype and price.
I was very excited to receive this game as a longtime Pokemon fan. It came in perfect condition! Unique storyline, amazing graphics, and really love the new Pokemon!
One of my personal favorites, this game bright gaming and storytelling to a new level!
Graphics aren't that great but it's one of the best star wars games I could find. Playing on my wii u
The game is a lot better than GH4, BUT the damn "new" pedal broke after 26 days, buy the game only and buy the GH4WT instruments (at least the drum kit).
I bougt this afew days ago. Its a great game. I highly recommend
Controls are bad, enemy ai is bad, the whole game is just really bad. I regret buying this even at its very cheap stage.
this game is great & the hard part of the game is getting the money, getting the items & going up the floors to get to the final boss thanks
Fun story and amazing graphics. I loved it so much I played it twice. If you like playing games where you have "powers", this is it.
I love the gameplay but the graphics are even worse than DW2. I can't go through that hardship anymore. XD
I love the batman origins game. It has stealth, mystery, great story line, and shows characters that we don't always see in the batman movies.
Online play ONLY, you must have xbox gold or the game is essentially a paperweight
This game took everything good about pokemon black, and enhanced it. Great game! I would definitely recommend it to anyone to loves pokemon!
The game itself is fantastic but this product I bought... The box had its side "door" broken, it was ripped open instead of pulled out of.
I loved this game, if you like assassins creed then you will love this. Not as good as number 2 or brotherhood but nothing can top those for me.
I got this in a wii bundle. Only game worth playing is tennis. I suggest wii sport resort of anything else
this was a real let down compared to the pc version. it seemed very limited, especially for an xbox one game.
I was enjoying the game until about half way through when the game reset so I would have to start over again to finish it.  No thanks. It wasn't that good.
Old but a great game to go back to the old times
This is a great game to just relax and have fun.  You can be competitive or just don't care.  Games for everyone of all ages.
This is a hard game, hope you like it.
There was only one game that I enjoyed.  The first two were just not technically advanced.
The game did not work. My daughter was upset. Not to happy.
This game was just horrible!!!1. God drank beer2. BAD CONTROLS3. NEVER WENT GREAT4. GLAD I SOLD IT AWAY5. GET MINECRAFT INSTEAD
Love this game even my 2 yr old kid plays it with me. Made my mother in law dance too
might be a remake but it is a classic brought back into a new generation of gamingno reason not to buy this game
Best game console in the past 7+ years, this is a great bundle with an excellent game
Look, if you're a UFC fan AND you play video games - what are you doing reading this? Just go and buy it. No really, It's a lot of fun.
The game arrived within a decent interval of time. It just was not my style of game and I should have seeked a demo version first.
sold out not like game beaucase hard codes.
Its very fun to play with games on my computer. Every button works flawlessly. Very good. No question about it.
There cute, but these little things are frustration to handle. BAD gameplay and repetitive. BOOOOOOOO!!!
Do not buy. It work for a month maybe a little more but it stopped working. All it does now if flicker,  It feels like my gamepad will short out if I  keep using it.
like the review for the first. This game wasn't very appealing to me, and thus i only gave it two stars. Ill stick to my fighting games and shooters...
Funny hack and slash. Live this game, although I would love it more with 2 player.
I don't have too much time for games, but this game is on good place in my favorite game list. My kids love it too :)
Great Addition to the Grand Theft Auto series, very replayable. Always been a big fan of the Grand Theft Auto games.
Awesome, very addicting game! Highly recommend! Very fun to play. More watching than actual game play, which doesn't bother me.
I have the Call of Juarez Gunfighter game and love it so I tried this earlier software, it was hard to use and not worth keeping.
I have purchased a lot of singstar games they are all great. There are no issues with any of the CD's. Buy them while you can
Alawar is my favorite Hide/Seek game maker. This one was worth the money. Graphics were great and spent hours playing!
I love love love love love love loooooove the Assassins Creed series.  Although I haven't hardly played any of them... but that's my fault for being a busy guy.  Great game either way.
Is a puzzle game. What more can I write, but write that if you like a different styled 'Tetris' then jump right in.
I LOVE  this game. i highly recommend it. Its my favorite game.
Love this game, still playing it all the time. I like games like this, they always keep me working my brain
This game has a very sloppy story and the graphics are a big turn off. There are micro transactions, so another one of EA's finest
Bought for online and it doesn't work. 343 keeps saying that a update is coming and nothing changes for the better. Sad a last gen game does not work for next gen.
the games does not play a well as does on game cube  after  30 mintues  hand starts to hurt trigger button
Hi!! the game is one of my favorites!! and the shipping was on time and it was like new!!
Only came with console, no game movie charger battery, unit shoes wear and tear
The Mario tennis series has always been fun. I like how this game is made for casual and hard-core gamers.
What little I could get the game to run turned me off completely.The dialog was in some other language.  Then the game would crash constantly.Sorry.  Bad News.
Nintendo really needs to make a new ip. This game is beyond boring. Mario hasn't advanced since Mario 64. There's a reason this game didn't sell as well as the previous games.
This game is awesome. I am really enjoying it.
Yes, I lost all my game data but I appreciate having a working console.
Infamous is a great game.  It has tons of action and we are thoroughly enjoying it.
very bad game why because it is very hard to beat not many good features bad story line and bad caricatures
Great game, great story and you can't stop playing it! :D
These game are the best .  An unbeatable bargain if you want older role playing games.  Many hours of play all in one package.
Some of the best pinball games ever made!  I really like Pinbot!!
Loved every minute of playing it. Wish they included Borderlands 1. Definitely spent alot of hours playing this game and I don't regret any of it.Must Play Game for anyone that likes First Person Shooters
blends 3 mortal kombats in one, not the first three games that i expected. game play was lame. Not for beginners very hard.
Held my games and memory card, but lost it along with my vita
Sony just gave this game a paint job that's it the game should of been 19.99
I wanted to give this game 4 or 5 but the lack of single-player really lets it down. On star.
I loved playing this game, until it stopped working for me, in the middle of the game :-(. Hope if you have it, it works better for you then it did for me.
This game is just bad all around. Bad gameplay,Bad graphics,Bad storyline,Bad voice acting. Just BAD! It really does suck! Hands down,the worst PS2 game I have ever played.
I ended up playing for maybe three days. Was a huge Call of Duty player (the original) but the modern iterations are pretty awful in comparison. Can't honestly recommend this game.
One mission and the game is over quick, not worth the money, I would have told developers this is more of a demo than actual game.
Nothing like the original, most games on here are lame. The first one is awesome.
You cannot use the roster update feature with multiple profiles on the PS3, all my kids can't play this game...
Game had bad gameplay, terrible mechanics, and the game gave me a head ache with the graphics.
Really really bad game would give it 0 stars if I could
Great Special Edition, Great game, what else needs to be said?  It is GTA IV and Niko, and a great storyline.
Great game. If you like first person shooters this is the one to have.
thank you for sending it  /it came on time  it works good  like the games cheap to for us best game every
Disappointed. You need a large amount of space on your Xbox hard drive to download the game
i don't know who made the Batmobile controls but they failed miserably. I was 10 minuets into the game and so frustrated I turned it off and quit.
My kids just had to have this and it was during the Christmas holidays and i was able to get this before Christmas with the fast shipping and the game was in excellent condition.
This game is a great glimps at what the future game can be. Too bad it's unfinished and a rip off. Skip.
This was a cute game for my kids when they were younger, but they're almost teenagers now, so it's time to give this one to a younger neighbor kid or to Goodwill.
The graphics are superb, storyline engaging, game play phenomenal. I'm hooked
This game is so fun. i love how you can choose different characters and play with 3 friends. Great for people looking for a nostalgic game and kids looking for something fun
Sold it almost immedietly, this game is awful. All we wanted was a modern road rash, very simple.
All I could get from the disc was a dialog box telling me I couldn't download the games.
I love the Quality of everything in this game, video, history. I wait so much time to play it and now I am so happy. I recommend this game to everyone.
wasn't a horrible game. Just made me want to play WoW. so i went back to that.
Probably the only COD game I haven't liked so far. Not sure what it is - maybe its just too futuristic - its bordering Halo (which I never liked)
Like this game.  Kids like it too.
You will have amazing experience with PSVR!  Very realistic rally driving physic.  Gran Turismo series rally driving physic is always been terrible so don't get turn off by rally games.
If you like Diablo III, Torchlight, or Titan Quest then you'll love this game.  Lots of fun, excellent triple screen support.
This game is so bad the creator has apologized and many are calling this the worst case of overhyped Kickstarter game in history.Avoid this like the plague.
easier to just hack the online and give yourself 100 million. why pay for a game that u already paid for?
They are good on TV but the game is terrible. Worst game I ever played. Has nothing to do with South Park
Arrived very fast and in good condition. It's a great game. The side missions are great and most of the boss fights are fun.
Amazing game and the graphics are amazing in the cinematics I was thinking it was live action.You will not be disappointed,especially if you are a halo fan,BEST HALO YET!
Why did I buy this game? Damn it.It's slow to load, loads a lot, plays slow, very limited characters, very limited weapons, and not many combos.
My kids love to play the LEGO Jurassic World - Xbox 360 Standard Edition since it is really fun game to play with anyone.  I would recommend this item to anyone who needs or wants it.
This game takes violence and gore to a whole new level compared to its prequels. i grew up playing the Max Payne games and had a lot of fun playing this game
Great game, but haven't tried it on PC yet because I need to upgrade.
This is a stellar game. This game will rank in the top 25 of all the games ever released on any console. If you don't have a PSP.. get it for this one.
Too difficult for average players like me. Would have loved it if I wouldn't have gotten stuck near the beginning. The gameplay is punishing which makes it impossible (for me) to enjoy.
tis item arrived on time un harmed new works great. amust for online gamers. im dug039 on line
...100 real dollars for.....fake money?....Hell save 100 and just play the game..
The best game I've played for the ps3 so far.
Product arrived on time in good condition. Even contained the manual and all the coupons from the original release. Just finished the game with no issues with the dis
I like scary games, this game is great but it is very complicated, they should have made it a coop game.
One of the best bundles in gaming history. I do wish the game was a hardcopy instead of a download though.
Played it twice. Being an online ruins this game.
some games would not work, some were ok, i was disapointed that it all not work, be leary next time
This game is one of the best dance game ever I love it. We play it almost everyday it is fun for the whole family.
People will drive you to hate this game.
This is one amazing game, i haven't finished it yet but i think is the best batman game ive ever played
This game is pretty entertaining with plenty of songs to choose from and no shortage of difficulty settings, if you liked the first one you'll love this one!
Not a good game because: HARDLY ANY SONGS AND I HAVEN'T HEARD OF MANY OF THEM. wouldn't SUGGEST IT Not worth it.
I have been playing this game for several weeks now and it is a good game and a good value!
I know I'd love this game but I never got the product. It's not provider's fault anyway, too bad for me...
Servers shut down in late January 2014. You are buying a nice looking coaster for your end table. It is not possible to play the game anymore.
Has been a long time i don't play such a good horror game,Both adictive and unpredictive, i hope DS3 keeps the standards this one achieved.
didnt like the whole set up of the game. they should make just like the other game before.
Another Megaman game!  Awesome!!  One more to add to the Gameboy collection!  They did a pretty good job by throwing in the same stuff from Megaman X1, X2, and X3.
Nice game, it was a really good purchase.
love this game when i played it before thats why i bought it and the price was a steal
As a family we have played this game on the main computer. Now we enjoy being able to take this with us traveling and enjoy playing against each other.
Such an awesome game! I purchased this originally for my PS3 and had to have it again when I got a PS4.
this again is into the lastet games with co-op play graphic are off the chain action heart poundind what else do i have to say ...20+
Great game. Excellent!!!!! It was all i expect from this game really great and excellet graphics. Just great. All perfect.
Love the new main character and powers, game is incredible.
I actually really like this game, except that there's a bug in one of the story missions (Thin White Line) that prevents you from actually completing the game.
This was a Christmas present for one of my Grandsons. I have never played games on the DS system but he does and is very happy with the purchase.
if you like mobs games then play this one  but must play  mafia 1 first to understand the story on this games
Work like a charm, love it the Cherry MX Brown for typing and playing games. Good Illumination and got the sound of the goddess on this keys.Wife will kill me one night xD
Much regret, so much regret buying this game.
I needed this to play Xbox original one game not from xbox one mmm microsoft you suck at naming products
You will love this pack if you played any of the classic rare games.
Always something new and different to add to my my Sim's games.
My son collects WWE / WWF material. He has been pleased with this additon to all his other items. Shipment was great, on time, and there has been no issues with the game.
worst 3DS game I have purchased... its really terrible.. please watch videos or read about it before you purchase (the Game boy advance version was kick ass and only reason I blindly bought this....)
Easily one of the best GameCube games. Totally worth the price.
If you are a Fan of The Legend of Zelda, this game is for you. It has so many characters and environment to bring those special moments from various games.
The game came uniqely wrappedbut once opened I realize that it was the wrong version for my ps3slim this I will have to return
I am only able to access the tutorial part of the game. Do not know why. I cannot really get to play the game itself.
Favorite Armored Core game out of the series.
i bought this on psn for $9 but still to much for about 5 hours gameplay including the cutscenes
That's pretty much it.  I can't run my brandnew game because it requires broadband and I didn't know it.
The game is a challenge in some ways and very exciting to the kids!  They play it off and on most of the day!
Watch your hard drive space knack records 918 meg videos every 2 game chapters eating the ps4 hard drive on one game
Waiting for a refund.  The game came as described however the game itself didn't work right.  Waiting for refund.  Will update review once recieved
This game is very bad lag this game is not even playable suck suck suck
Absoutly love it! :) my favorite so far is spyro dark dragon. I can see my son playing this game without trouble. And he is 3yrs old. :)
I'd never played a MGS game before, started with this one. This game is god awful. I won't bother going into detail; it's already covered in the negative reviews here.
best disgaea i have played, very refined.hard to go back to earlier games after playing.has raised my standards for strategy rpgs.so many things to do and very funny.
Endless amounts of fun! You cannot go wrong with this game whether you enjoy creating or just playing. Definitely in the top 5 WiiU games. Almost infinite replay value!
Waste of money . Nothing like the other just dance games. I bought it BC I love old country music. The music list is wonderful. But the dances are too complicated and annoying
This works well with games I need it for special my cop game where I need contol to shoot at stuff
Very Nice case, this is perfect for storing the Wii U gamepad, get one if you want some great protection for your Wii U gamepad
While it's not as much fun as my sons other games, he does really enjoy the challenge and it has definitely helped with his multiplication skills.
If you like fps this is a fun game, it's different then most as it's a western. Have had tons of fun playing single and online player.
The best game ever !!! Lots of maps too !!!
came brand new and perfect. still in plastic wrap and it came with a free code for the origional alice game.
Best maps and one of the greatest dbz games ever made.
I know this game isn't popular but I've played it many times and I adore it! I love the story and the completion extras!
haven't recieved it yet can't tell you so it won't matter what i say here. I thought it was a different ratchet game but it wasn't. Looking forward to playing it!
This was an excellent game, quite long play, uniquely interesting graphics, story line and many challenging locations. Wouldn't hesitate to get another one of these HO games.
I constantly play this game and very rarely win but I have a great time playing
Cheap headphones that sound decent for the money not very loud but good enough to not wake others and enjoy your game. Good mic quality as well.
Big fan of this game and music...must buy
oh s*** this game is out already lol.... this gameis hait dati didn't even know it was out already hahaha waste of money... BF1 is hella dope
Not my favorite  type of hidden object games!
Bought it used for $7.99 at a local game shop. Hard to control,not very entertaining,and just kinda boring overall. It was a waste of $$ at $7.99-even used.
Such a great game and addicting. Can always play again.
Lots of fun, but it needs more games to play with.
I really enjoyed the first Max Payne game and this is no different. Great story-line, physics engine, and game play. Probably the best in the series.
Do not support this garbage. EA basically took a Sims game and took out half the features to sell to you separately. Seriously boycott this pathetic company!!
It's not nearly as good as the batman games with the same name. Shame.
Glad I read the reviews before I bought this! I don't need another crappy golf game. And who is Hank Haney?
controller is getting more cheaply made, buttons last me months instead of years. I have bought 3 of these in the past 5 months. if you play online games a lot I do no recommend this
telltale games, you out did yourself with this game
Totally fun game so far.  I'm about 3 hours in and not even half way through.
I love this game.  So much fun to kill demons with that big sword.......
this game has amazing graphics! and sweet cars! get this if you have xbox 360!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is a very cool game and its worth it.
This was a BAD game.  Graphics were sub-par.  Gameplay was easy.  After one weekend of playing, I almost completed everything.  For an RPG, give me a challange, please.
It's DOOM only handheld so you can take it anywhere, graphics rock, sound is awesome and mulitplayer kicks ass, awesome GBA game!
This game is a lot of fun. Definitely go read about how the game works so you know what to expect in terms of gameplay.
Resident Evil + PSVR = Amazing. Just got my PSVR Monday and started playing this again and its like a completely different game. Love it
Awesome game! shows the potential of the ps4 and definitely a worthy purchase if you're a fan of the series
I bought this to enjoy the Call of Duty Multiplayer experience like the older games, but every lobby I go into now there are hackers. DO NOT BUY IF YOU INTEND TO PLAY ONLINE!!!!!!!
Best game series ever, beat them all. 5 STARS hands down!
This is just about the best game i have ever played in my hole life
We never could get into this game. Perhaps it's time to try again, but it just seemed like they made the moves so difficult it became less a fun game and more .... work.
I hated the controls and the game was super boring! Traded it the day after I got it!
Pretty awesome little game. Get to kill time with.
The game is not a shooter and is a hide n seek game instead. It is terribly boring
The game is charming, colorful, funny, and just plain fun to play.  This was my first LEGO game and now I want to try all the others.
vaguely familiar game line in this adventure. match and remove. fun to see how fast you can do it too.
I bought this game for my nephew. He just loves it. Kids love these kinds of games. Works excellent on XBOX.
Sure does make playing the driving games easier!
This game was not what I was expecting.  It is in the first person.  If I were you, I would not buy this game.
I was looking for this game and i found it and bought. Game works great.
A day late on prime two day shipping but if game is good i will move it up to 3 starsGame is good
I use these for emulators and they work great. Now I can play the old games again with a controller instead of a keyboard
First bought Just Dance 2014. Then Just Dance Kids 2014. Followed with Just Dance Greatest Hits and Just Dance 4.The songs in Dance Central are not as popular as the ones in the Just Dance games.
dumb game.  3rd person shooting and the scenarios are really narrowly designed.  play borderlands or far cry for open world cool play.
Bad storyline bad gameplay they say it has godd humor but it isn't and the main character is sissy stupid cartoons on cover of game  I microvwaved theCd and said to get me anotheer game thanks the end
dont waste money or time in this wackiness, bad effects just doesn't compare to any of the other games out there really not worth the time or money
The graphics are simple looking. You are in the middle of the screen and little enemies are coming at you from all angles like the old arcade game asteroids. Its real lame-dont get it.
This game is the Gratest FPS of this generation. Love it.
i don't like the game...  has the most complicated combinations of buttons to play...  and i play a lot of games my hole life...
Great game.... big fan of the AC series. Love the game. Wish more people payed online though. Oh Well =)
I love this game. It would be great if it was made into a movie I would pay money to see it :)
It worked perfectly all buttons worked perfectly. If you have any Game cube games and a Game cube or Wii (Not Wii U) and want to play them I recommended these controllers.
The game came cracked and it wouldn't play!!! I also bought it new...
This is one of the best games i've played.  It's different and the story line is really good.  That plus all of the great graphics and special moves makes  this game fantastic.
This game would not work, others I bought at same time, no problem
The worse game ever. Bungie let everyone down with this crap. I gave it a chance  but never received and decent weapons. House of wolves was the biggest rip off of the decade.
Honestly, the ps3 is still a great deal even if the ps4 is out. The game catalog of the ps3 is absolutely wonderful.
This was much better on Nintendo 64. This is just Nintendo milking like they usually do. The 3ds doesn't work well for this game.
Not quite the perfection that Uncharted 2 achieves, but this game is amazing nonetheless.  My only real complaint is that there was too much shooting.  Still a must buy.
This is the worst ever!!!!!Do not waste your time and money ordering this piece of garbage. It does not close properly and does not fit any games. do not waste your money
very good game. Lots of game play. Makes me feel I am at the beach.
i replace it and charge the WiiU gamepad but the light was blinking and shows the charge bar only twoand the gamepad went offcan Amazon replace it for me ?
Probably the best of the 3 Vita games.however, after beating the "story mode" i didn't feel the need to go replay the songs. Most likely Im just burnt out.
I was hoping to use this instead of the damn nunchuk but none of the games I have allow this!!!!  What exactly is this for??  $23 down the drain.
We have purchased all three series of the Skylander collection of video games. We have asked family and friend in assisting in purchasing the characters so that my child can play the game to its fullest.
I want the expansion but needed to buy this first, there are some "types" of games bundle with (expansion included)
PS2 version is worth it and runs smoothly. Questionable voice acting, but it doesn't make or break the game. Recommend if you worry about issues with the badly done HD edition.
I have been playing MMO's since Ultima Online and Everquest, and i knew within 25 minutes this wasn't the game for me. It seems pretty far behind other current MMO's.
One of the best games for any handheld.
The amount of work that went into pro mode is amazing. I love that it is not only a game, but a teach tool. Awesome.
I had high hopes but found the game to be very bland. The land was not interesting and the characters were cardboard. Also, game breaking glitch for me towards the final chapter.
This is the best fighting game. It has a big roster of big named characters. The stages are nice and the new finishing moves are great.
The games are fun the selection sucks because they have really only half the games because they only give u parts 1,2,3,4 of a couple.
My son is very happy with the game.
The usual Mario game that we all like very much.
WTF my game case came broken!!!!!  The game is a little scratched but my whole bottom of my game case is broken!
This game is awesome looks great plays great and is just simply put fun to play. The reboot tomb raider should of had when the consoles made the jump to next gen!
My kids liked it, but got bored with it quite quickly.  Spouse played it very, very little and is typically a huge fan of first-person shooter games. Disappointing.
Not enough full games right now thats actually up for download to keep! Games adding so slow roght now we might get 2 a year which is bs
I was disappointed in the game engine, but it's still ok for people who aren't used to better games like Battlefield 2 or Half-Life 2
very desapointed i use up my points to get this game so far Ghost and this game suck very very bad
This game has MICRO TRANSACTIONS.  That's an automatic 1 star review.End of review.
With an extremely clunky, unresponsive battle-system and one of the poorest paced and written stories I have seen, this game should not be nearly as revered as it is by its fanbase.
I love it! Use it all the time. Really works perfectly with all games that you need a mic for.
Love this game. Came in band new condition. It's legit.
This game sucks and is nothing like the show and my kids hated it. We sold it right away to disc replay and it is still there after all this time. This game sucks
Awesome game! Worth the money excellent add to the series.
If you enjoy constant aimbot and wallhacks. This is your game.
Servers are terrible. Lacks original game elements. Takes up about 160 GB just in game data.
One of the best PC games I have ever played.
dark souls fans say its the best game ever but i say why are you in my room im trying to sleep
This s*** is cool as hell!!!!! Fully wearable helmet with attachments and voice commands/ phrases. This is definitely going to become a collectors item, the game is pretty good too lol.
great game for my psp. I can't say I recall having more fun with a handheld system than I did with this game!
OMG THis game rools but they need 2 more guyz mybe . like syclops and jean gray. but my favs are dead pool, ghost rider, spider man and blade!!!! buy it.
I love this game growing up! I'm so excited to have it sealed:)
I really don't like this game. It was not what I thought it was. It is not that easy to play
This game doesn't what to go easy on you.
It's a fantastic portable console, home to Pokemon games, but they're often counterfeit when sold online, so be cautious. There's a few different ways to tell that are hard to miss.
I liked the game it was really good I was fun to play.  it is a awesome game to get on Sega Dreamcast.
This is supposed to be the worst game of the year.  What a suprise.
Got here right on time great game for old school game players
Was a gift, perfect. Perfect for the games he has and works great. Very heavy but I tend to like heavier equipment
Wow those people are all like i stick pitch fork into you and you have just shoot them down. I love the reloading wiimote makes this game better than ps2 version.
Shortest game ever. And the graphic looks bad on my PS3 versus the Xbox 360 version.
This game is the pits! Its the worst Mario game ever. Even worse than Mario 64.Pros: Nice GraphicsCons: Makes you madder than the Mad Hatter!Terrible GameplayToo hard
Absolutely unacceptable to not have a two player mode! The game is trash please save your money. What an extreme disappointment to TMNT fans everywhere.
great graphics episode 2 includes tails and tails helps sonic along the way of their new adventure very fun and nice sega game.
game won't load at all it appears to be a ubisoft problem
My daughter loved watching me play this game so I got one for her PC.
The controller would not register catercorner direction making RPG (and all games really) impossible to play.  I had better results by downloading motioninjoy and connecting my PS3 controller to my computer.
the best cyberpunk game of its time but damn its so dated i could prob only play 10 mins at a time. :) it looks terrible
Not much fun comes along. I have seen to many games with this graphics style, bad animation like in early 90s. Never going to finish this game.
this game no longer supports online play!!! find something else and don't waste your hard-earned bucks!
Fun Game!  Lots of fun for the NASCAR gamer!  The game is realistic.  My 12 year old NASCAR fan loves this game.
Very cute game and fun the kids and I love it
Awesome!!! GTA is the most addictive game. This is a must have for GTA lovers. GTA IV is the best in the series so far. You gotta get this.
does the job i can play splatoon 2 while downloading games or waiting for mmo ques
if you pay over 200.00 for the first dragoon game you need to understand its only 6 levels so don't spend that much when you can get it for 25.00 everywhere else
I just couldn't get into this game. I loved halo but this was not even close.
Good game, but gets boring really quick without people to play with, and now that virtually no one plays anymore, its pointless.
Good game but has some thing you might not want your younger kids to watch.  Much different from the computer game of years past.
Riddled with programing flaws, this game is more frustrating than fun.  There are many better games on the market.
games too hard not really enjoy it after couple of hours.
kinda basic turned based compilation of games and charecters.
This game does not worth $39.99. It plays like Diablo. Boring and boring and boring.
I bought the game cartridge used but it came brand new looking. The cartridge case even looks new. The game plays good. Like new.
My son was totally bored with this game within one hour.
Absolute garbage.  I wouldn't even suggest renting this game.  Amazon's service was great tho.
One of my favorite games to play, My friend and i had a blast playing this game for hours and it arrived quick!
I have tried several times and I could no get this game to download on my computer. I kept making the screen go black.
perfect for my psvita & games, i feel like i could drop it off a parking structure at work and it would be fine in the case.
i bought this game with high expectations from everything i heard, and yes while the game does have depth it is also extremely boring and stretched out, not much fun to play, just time consuming
U cant create players n play season all the new sports games all suck ps2 was way better
Son loves this game, plays all the time!
This game never works and my parents never fixed the damn problem. The disc blew out it's full version. Bye bye. Stupid game.
when this game was 60 dollars oh it really felt like a smart phone game for 3 dollars.
I like the fact creating music in your own way and remixing the beat. It's a very good game!
Hands down my favorite GTA game. A lot more satisfying than GTAV.
Could not figure out how to play this one. I am a great Hidden Object player - but this game is confusing.
Game is horrid.Multiplayer is only fun thats because its 50% game, 50% LOLing @ how much the game sucks.
I read intreguing reviews but the game is dull and over sensitive and ultimate it  defeated my interest in playing.
Absolutely no issues with this wheel. Good performance and worth the money. EZ to setup and great support for all current racing games like Project cars. Good force feedback, Highly recommend it!
Beautiful game really, but I could never really get the wall jumping technique mastered and ultimately it became more frustrating than it was worth.  Other games are more rewarding for me to play.
Very violent but very addicting.  Kratos is kinda a douche.  But the fight scenes are epic.  Love this game.
I recommend this videogame to anyone!  Get your copy today! Before it's too late! Well, what are you waiting for? Go, now!
Looks like and plays like good ps3 games not happy right now with both games that I purchased for ps4
my son loves playing this video game he likes anything with a lego ninjago theme wonderful game
this was one of the best first shooter games
I love Wheel of Fortune but the game is rather light on content.  It is not Mii enabled and while you can play exclusively on the gamepad, no sound comes from its speakers.
Worst Legend of Zelda game I have ever played. How can this abomination be considered canon but Hyrule Warriors isn't?
Bottom line don't waste your money! Below average game and it shouldn't even be called battlefield!
Awesome game! Far Cry 4 is a lot better though, so if you haven't played either, get this one first. You won't like this one as much after playing 4.
I'm glad I didn't pay full price for it.  It's a combination of a 1st and 3rd person shooter.  I don't like the 1st person perspective on games.
bought this for my brother who really loves these games
though it did not have a specific sticker saying it would work with 220V the seller assured me it would work in Europe.IT DID WORK GREAT and kept my game boy for my daughter charged.
Picked up at wall mart sucks my son wanted it to have a pumpkin head as pictured it did not he is not happy about that!!! But he loves the game!!!
The story has a lot of twists and turns which keeps you interested during the entire game. The bonus game afterwards will keep you very interested too.  I would recommend this game to anyone.
not the best game but not that bad. If your into racing game you may like it but if your a hard core gamer your may not
Sonics arms are not blue!!! Dont buy this game or any sonic boom merch until SEGA changes Sonics arms back to his original tan color. Grrrr!
I have no problems with the delivery or system, its just the lack of games Microsoft has makes this an instant regret
Awesome game, definitely worth getting with the original box art and manual well maintained if you're a collector
this dose not work im not buying any thiing more from you and its not my xboxs doing it i have other games that plays fine
the game blew me away and i got a great deal on it. it arrived very fast and is in near perfect condition. very pleased!
Terrible. No control over so many components of the game. Only good thing about the game is the graphics but that's because of playstation technology.
Not sure what the hype is game is really boring and you just sit there until something comes at you. At least it was free
At the moment of writing this, I've been using this wheel for 4 years and it works faultlessly. Also compatible with the latest games such as DIRT Rally.
A virus in this game download.  Uninstalled and returned to Amazon.
This is an Amazing Resident Evil game, superb graphics, great characters and story, i highly recommend play this game !!!
the game has five stages and it was a lie that some one said about the game having four stages it is a long game and it is hard
love this game! its absolutely amazing. the ending is good...gameplay is superior. prob the best psp game ever made..ever..ever.  in the world
haven't played this in years and I am happy to be able again. yet it seems one can find it cheaper and no shipping at gamers.
This controller is awful. The design just feels unnatural. Stick to a Xbox 360 or Xbox One controller, it looks and feels better. Steam doesn't know how to make a good functional gamepad.
This game was difficult to follow.  I gave up on it.  Also kept locking up and got frustrated. Possibly will try again sometime.
Awesome game, glad it worked, soooo many memories. Arrived early! Great experience! Send me five teenagers with attitude! And Tommy
The game played but it was unable to save a file without corrupting it every time so that was b.s.
It ain't the worst game ever, but don't expect a lot from it. It could've been a better game, but maybe they didn't put in enough time when designing it.
Love it, it is a beautiful game  I would definitely recommend buying it.
It's so much fun!!!!I recommend this game to anyone.
Worst waste of money. Does not work well at all with Wii. Unless u like your controller randomly pushing buttons for u or take you in and out of games.
I bought this game for my xbox and I put it in the xbox and it didn't work. I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone and I Will never buy anything from this seller again
this game starts out pretty good till you beat it and it get boring really fast  it for kid manly let have hrs fun with this game
Please do not get this game unless your a strategy gamer. I thaught this game was 1st or at least 2nd person game from the sample pics IT IS NOT!!!!!!!!!
The X series are great games, unfortunately playing this classic is complicated on the cube.  The controls are awkward to the point where it is nearly unplayable and there is no option to change them.
The game belongs in a landfill. Ruined Christmas for my family
This is really a great game and the music cd has some epic tracks.  I highly recommend checking out the audio CD.
My almost 8 year old loves this game!
One of those gems you cannot go without playing over and over on your last gen game concole.
Great game and really fun to play. It was a shame it was not more popular then it was.
The best gameplay in a MGS ever. The story isn't the best but everything else is on point. It is the most game play focused MGS of all of them.
The game is free to download in Microsoft store, do not buy
The game works about half way into loading a match into the game it crashes and says disc can not be read at all.
The other Lego games I have played are wayyy better! I do Not like this one! It's different.
Best game I have ever played. Period. Great remake, loving the remastered details while keeping the game essence.
Very sketchy and inconsistent.  Not realistic and bad graphics along with subpar gameplay. Try something else like amp 3 if you want a fun unrealistic snowboard game.
There is NO ONLINE servers available any longer for this game..... the single player races are fun and the graphics and physics are nice. The single player mode is challenging.
It is a great game and you can spend hours playing it and having fun with all of the different scenario that you can play.  Great game.
Had an extremely hard  time getting the battery in,  but the system doesn't recognize it. Also, the free game download expired in 2009, and it's now 2015. Very disappointed.
I hated this game nothing like call of duty or medal of honor. I played for 10 minutes and quit
Terrible uninspired game. I managed to trade it in and only lose about a dollar of value.
Compared to SSX3 or SSX on tour for the playstation2.  This game SUXS.
Kind of a knock off of Finial Fantasy but still a great game play in my opinion
This game is good with pyro but I did not like playing as spare at all and I can only collect up to 17 fairies out of 100
Seems impossible to even set up, why can't we just put a disc in and play a game, online sign up and login? Why?
This is in my opinion one of the best COD games, it works perfectly in a MBP via bootcamp with windows 8.1.
Product was in great condition. Great classic games all in one.
I did not like the way this game was designed,and gave it away to a friend.I won't buy Deadly Dozen games,and I will not buy any of the Medal of Honor games.
so it took me about 2 hours of manually downloading skin packs before the game was even playable. This has been really poorly upgraded. get the one on next gen systems.
Can only get to fourth level and no way to get further. What a short game. Do not buy. You will not like.
This is an arcade racer without the over-the-top arcade features(big jumps, signs to crash through, etc) present in the past couple of NFS games. NFS Rivals and Most Wanted are far better.
A great sequel to the original Mario vs DK for the GBA which is one of the greatest puzzle games ever.
Excellent game, had a lot of fun with it.
It would take EA to completely destroy one of the best gaming franchises in history.  This "game" is a complete disaster.  DO NOT BUY THIS.
The game is ok. Wasn't as exciting like I thought it would be.
Awesome game, perfect reason to buy a vita.
Not the best of the battlefield series or games.  Could use a lot of work.
This game rocks just like the smash brothers from Nintendo 64 but with more graphics and new characters
Shaq Fu is a game that should never have been created. Horrible 2D fighter and miserable plot. Great for a gag gift for a classic gamer.
Great casual game, I've played it through several times to get all the trophies.
Sometimes you just want a game you can goof off in.
Came folded up in a box and when I put it on the game pad there is loose silicone on the top and one side of it.  Wouldn't recommend this product.
As the title suggests, this game is literally unplayable. The servers for this game were taken offline and the game is online only, so purchasing this game is a waste of money.
I absolutely love this game sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much. It is a perfect game. The story was captivating, as always, and the characters made you feel like you were right there with them.
I thought I was getting a PC game? the description did not say it was for playstation 2?  I don't have a PLAYSTATION 2 or othwise.
It's as the title says really.So many things to create.I wouldn't spend the 4.95 I paid on this game on it again. That's for sure.
Great game, I have it for the Wii too. My kid cant get enough of it. If you liked the movie you will love this game.
Great game. Wanted to try something a little different. Something to get used to, but I definitely recommend this game!
Glad I found this! Controls for game are a little weird though good game!
My 10 yr old grandson loves this game.  He enjoys the airship and exploring the towns.  He says the Boss fights are a little bit hard. He would recommend this game to others.
Great game.  Came brand new and in good condition.  It is what the recipient wanted and I'm sure he'll be playing it a lot.
It's like Drake's Uncharted but with melons.  Awesome story line, gameplay, graphics the whole number.  Great replay value as well!
They work as advertised, games that require an expansion pack will work with this.
I have not played this game Because of DRM used. I will never purchase this or any other game with this DRM or limited Installs.
Quality game. I haven't purchased an update of the NHL franchise for maybe a decade so the learning curve is hard for me but I enjoy it.
Ahhhhh.. a glitch, a bug, whatever it is.. my save file gets corrupted for the second time.  Yes, I gave up playing this game.
Cool idea gone wrong, because the gameplay is just wayyyy to slow.  I cant stand it.  It looks like a great game, but it is tooo sloowwwwww.
Grand kids love this game and play it when they stay over.
Between server failures and unreliable internet connections, this game can be impossible to play. Single player online-only is a horrible idea.
Highly recommended game!! Very satisfied with the packaging it came in and was in very good condition,,, one of my gamer hubby's favorite games!!
This game was a present for my son at Christmas and he loves it. He says it's very challenging and very interesting.
Awesome. Started this game 30 days ago and I'm still loving it. Exactly what you want out of a Bethesda game. Can't wait to see what they do with the DLC.
I really did not like this game. It was nothing like regular Sonic and I did not see the point. I also do not think this game is suitable for Wii play.
You guys should know that the PC game Ruse is obsolete so you should take that stuff down asap
I bought this specifically for the face-scanning feature and it never worked. I tried and tried and it kept saying server error so I deleted the game. Waste of money.
action adventure game. a lot to do and replay value is great. Think you
first disc csi had white boxes. tried all fixes found online. nothing worked. second disk dark motives the questions were in French. didn't even bother with the other games.
boring as hell.  looks great but the game is nothing more than hold the right trigger.  give it to your 10 year old nephew
this game cheats the player gets very little play from the ball because it always goes down middle or down side not fun do not buy
I bought it for worms armageddon which is a great game and has endless replay value because of the online games. It is a very good buy.
it pairs just fine, but trying to play games on the computer has been less than easy. I went back to just hard wiring in my xbox controller to the PC
Tropico 4 is way better, IMO  this game needs a controller, Keyboard an mouse to play right
Playing this game on the computer is a pain and a half. Ugh, I wish I could easily sell this game or something. Man...
The monopoly game has serious programming flaws, making it unplayable.  Returned after a huge disappointment.
cant set the controler to right handed use  just not that good of a game. this is nothing like black ops !
If you like KOTOR and sci-fi then you will enjoy this game. Nice mix of fast action and RPG.
I've been trying to download the game for the last 3 days.  $60 for this grief?  Wait a month.The downloading keeps failing.  I've restarted the downloader 10 x now.
far better games out there that don't cost as much.
I asked my grandson if there were any other Wii games that I would like and he suggested Super Mario Bros.  The grandchildren love it and so do I.
I agree with the people below me, the game echoes and doesn't seem like it was even Beta Tested.
The Best James Bond game ever made! Still has yet to be one that tops Goldeneye lol C'mon Rare make an all new original James Bond game cause we gamers NEED one please!
the third Call of Duty game son got for his birthday and he loves them all. couldn't have picked anything better.
This game is awesome and beautiful. I love the hub worlds I don't understand why some people hated them. The Werehog levels are fun to play and I love the daytime levels.
didnt work on xbox one had to buy another game
that's how you remake a game, and you get 2 for an excellent price, love it!
This is probably one of the most disappointing games to come out in a long time. You can see from all the reviews the problems this game has. Avoid until Blizzard does the right thing.
More amazing piratey assassin fun!  If you liked Black Flag, this is a must-buy.  Doesn't move the story along much but the gameplay is spot on.
Game not as advertised, this game should be recalled by the studio and everyone should receive full refunds.
I don't have a PS3, but between pc, PS4, and Xbox one... I'm happy to not hear all the kids game sounds when they are playing
This is quite possibly the most boring game I've ever played. Not to mention it screws with your system and you can only install it three (3) times-- *ever*.
I enjoyed both Fallout and Fallout 2. I'll pass on Fallout 3. I refuse to believe a game has to be laced with foul language to make it gritty or more realistic.
So, repetitive boring sad gameplay. Traded in the next day, yuck!
received on time and just what I wanted.  Great game too/series
Love this game, it plays good and it's in good shape and the previous  owner took good care of it
Online is a drag, gameplay itself doesn't stand too well, it looks nice, but there's not alot to keep a player playing.
Fantastic game and very  good seller. ..
low quality game and does not support controller use
Top notch service and video game in great condition!
If you actually spent money on this, I feel for you! A 5 yr old would get bored with this game!
This game would of been better what's with the space ships they need to take it back an re work it with out the space ships
Most Fascinating if you don't like it because you don't play this type of game heavy rain game i could think thats kinda like this and a few others
It is a cool game and all, but honestly, each race in this game is wayyyyyyyy too long. It takes like almost 7 minutes to finish a race.
this game is very good, its new, no problem. excellent game, i recommend 100 %. favorite psp game, i like it.
But it is a runner-up for the title. The game doesnt even live up to its weak premise.Bargain bin junk.
Helps you get more lives to beat those tough old school games.  Lots of code support online still.
Worst purchase in history. Couldn't even play the game at all!
game is low quality id recommend just buying a newer game system
The game has some good points but I HATE Steam!
I played it once, got pretty bored as everything was pretty repetitive.  When purchased, Amazon had it labeled as 2 players.  Its a single player game!
Wow can the wii u get any worse? This game is so bad. Definitely not worth the asking price.
This game is insane when you use it on the keyboard. THere is supportable a way to use a generic controller for detection but have yet to find it.
excellent character for this game- my 9yr old loves!  I have played also & very cool character & game
Game is absolutely stunning, beautiful and huge. Should be a game of the year lock ignore all these other overhyped holiday games and buy fallout 4 right now.
Pretty fun game :) I have always loved the thought of being trapped on a island. ((i know I am weirdo)) and I just really like the game.
If you like games like far cry you will like this to
I played this game years ago and wished to play it again.  It is as good as I remembered.  I would recommend it to a friend.
This is the worst game I have played in years. It was fun for 2 hours then all of sudden the content just kept repeating itself. Everything is the same in this game.
If you want this trilogy mainly for San Andreas don't buy this. Both games work except San Andreas. There is something wrong with the copy in this bundle. Buy them separately.
I was greatly anticipating this game and it didn't disappoint.  The game is very fun and has high replay Value.
not get clear about that game as nothing good, not work on code i try as nothing and is that fake or not kind code for this game? i don't understand
This game pretty much keeps in the spirit of the current version of the TV game show.  Just as challenging, but just as fun.  :)
My sons love this game.  They played it like crazy when they first got it.  What's not to like?  Angry Birds are their favorite thing right now.
Really video game, all the parts were there and everything worked just fine will tell all my friends to buy.
Dose not work right on PSVITA so was not happy but it is a fun game love twisted metal games.
Overpriced boring game. Don't waste your money.
I hate this game its a rip off of cod but its even worse then that its just tarible ug
a lineal game, a simple history, very easy game, 2/10 points at least, bored game, i prefer COD MW I and II
Not really a fan of these types of games but if you like MMORPG and elder scrolls, then this is the game for you.
A lot of these no mercy games being sold are glitched so be careful
Not worth the download.I've downloaded the game 4 times and still it won't install correctly.I finally gave in and just bought the disk.
I was overjoyed to get this game.  It arrived in pristine condition and has been played and played. thank you
None of the mini games work on my wii, and aside from this game, my wii works perfectly. Not sure what's going on. Too advanced for my 3 year old also
Not very interesting unless you like to kill thousands of enemies using the same combos over and over. The game also doesn't run as well on the original 3ds compared to the new 3ds.
This game was way too short, not challenging and just not overly fun. Not worth the full price I paid.
To hard to move about.The booklet was hard to understand.Couldn't get the hang of this game at all.
This game could have been better.  It was too short.  Graphic were very good, storyline was interesting, but not enough interaction and way too short.
The game was pretty fun to play. The 3D effects were amazing. The game had an interesting series of events to follow so it was reallly hard to get bored of the game.
Game is very colorful and it looks great on the Vita, without a doubt one the best visual games on the vita.
Every game is fun!!!  Enjoyed this as soon as it was out of the box.  Easy to understand and many hours of gaming fun!!
Great game. If you like Hot Shots Golf then you will love this game. I truly love the Hot Shots Golf games and this one is no different.
You have to take the cover off to add games. Not a good product. It is a loose fit, flimsy material that does not stay on or fit well.
Would not reccomend. Pretty boring and redundant game play.
I am a single player and I am hooked on this military style games I read the reviews and still took a chance on it and glad I did because I like it a lot.
The first time I played this game was on the xbox at a friends house. I had so much fun that I had to order one for myself.
This game would have been alot better with Multiplayer. But having no Multiplayer makes the game become a low score.
Not a bad game, but looks alot better on the PS3. Buy it if you only have a 360 and you don't get a multi choice.
Horrible game. Not anything like the originals. Ea has horrible service. Thank You Amazon for the refund! I hope ea goes out of.business for ruining another great franchise.
Very boring and the scenes just seem to repeat themselves. There are better games out there. Dont' waste your money.
I play this game on my free time and completely love it never gonna trade it in and would recommend this to people who love shooting games
This Zelda game is what I have been waiting for Nintendo to make for years. If you liked Link to the Past you will love this game. Six stars fo sho!
It worked very well with my Nintendo 64 Console.  It allowed me to play the games I enjoy playing.  It works as well as my old one.
why!!!  I want to fly around not drive around.  Having to use the batmobile all game completely ruined it for me.  1/100
This game is fun not great but decent. It has a lot of bugs and the long loading times make this game u bearable to play
Great game, great graphics, incredible story! additional package very good! I recommend it.
I bought this game but received a totally different game.
love this game,we use to play it everyday it is good exercise and fun for the whole family.thank you so much
Worst game ever created! Inafune and Dina Abou Karam should be ashamed of themselves! This is pure, hot garbage and they all know it! Do not waste a penny on this hot mess!
Thought it was a version of Angry Birds that played like the popular cell phone game, instead it was more of a regular arcade game. Disappointed.
Have to watch out for the code problem with any used PC game today, if it is already used, the software blocks install. Only buy if being purchased as a replacement disk.
didnt play and i tried the game in 4 different systems....cant return...dont buy
Stupid game! Very boring and not much to do in it. Don't waste your money.
Great game, great service, delivered fast.  Thanks!
While I do like Kirby, this game is not very good. It's confusing and I had no idea what I was supposed to do.
With this game you will want to pin him as soon as you can, fast pace, awesome graphics re-playable over all a really good game:)
Poor excuse for a tales game. The story is short and uneventful, and the weapon system is over complicated. The battle system reduces players to mashing buttons and the party has annoying limitations.
It's free to download now, but still a really good game!
I don't know what all you other people played, because this game is boring! I wouldn't recommend it for any gamer. Avoid this at all costs!
Next to sonic the hedgehog, the new one.. this is the worst games I've ever played in my entire life.
Card worked perfectly for an old PS2 - it came fast and has been great for memory.  The price is also great as it didn't cost me much to save my games!
Possibly my favorite video game of all time. Everything about this game is incredible.
2k is still the number 1 basketball game. great price . You have to get it . I reccommend it. thanks
I just got it today and have played several games.  I love it.
One of the coolest AAA titles out there. This game is endless fun.
An awesome game for adults and kids alike. It's challenging at times but never too tough that it is frustrating. The perfect balance of charming funny and action packed for a great family game!
Again my daughter rates this game as "cool".  She said it is a little difficult, but she still plays the game.
I can't seem to get enough of this man, Mortimer.  His games are not easy to do, yet not hard if you concentrate.  I wish there were more of them.!
Everything came in a timely fashion. It was packaged well. I would reccomend this to all. It will add more fun to the games.
This game was horrible. You don't actually fly the plane, you just try to turn one way when it tells you to.
This game is over due for the bone yard, it will not load in the latest 64 bit operating systems. I'll let this copy go cheap.
I have always wanted this game ever since it came out; now I just need another gamecube controller lol. Thank you!
This game is massive and incredible. The story is MUCH darker than the others in the series.
Frankly, feels like a Bioshock.Quality game, not as good as Bioshock, but cuts close.. For once, a shooter game that makes you stop for a moment and think sometimes.I liked it.
Whenever I play this game I am brought into the beauty and wonder of wonderland.  I find myself meeting the challenges of the game just so I can keep visiting wonderland.
Do you like Halo and Call of Duty?  Then you will like this game!
I did not like this game. Did not even finish it. I liked nothing about it.
Boring I regret spending that much money on this. Cool story line but very little game play
I have been a big fan of the SIms every since the very first game and only get better with each new version
I love my Wii fit board and Gold's Gym very cool game
Classic game it's good to play with my nephew who is getting into sega when he visits on weekends
Hmm strange game. Its like playing with a big sugar rush. don't like it at all
it was everything i expected the game to be
I gave this game as a Christmas gift so I don't know much about the game but I do know the player likes this series of games.
The story is poorly told, The game play is painfully boring and lacks excitement, and for a game that was supposedly the next Halo it was a massive disappointment.
Good. Not great. Solid storyline and some decent gameplay. Not seeing a long term love affair in the future here though, which is very suspect on an mmorpg. Don't waste your money.
okay i played this game with my sister spiderman doesnt even shoot webs i haven't gotten far in the levels but it looks like a bite off x-men legends not fun at all
Any game that keeps a 65 yr old Grandmom engaged for 2 days and is fun at the same time is a great game.
A great action adventure game with great story too. The graphics are nice, great replay too. I got this at a good price and got it quick. Thank you
Bought this game for brother and its not working. now he had to download the game by its code & even after downloading its showing BETA version. really waste of money.
-No Campaign-Micro transactions on a 60$ game-UplayDo your wallet a favor and skip this one
This game is freaking raw!!! The limited edition flag is flying on my wall, and the statue found its home on my prize shelf. Sweet set up!!
This was a dumb game. Did not like it at all.....Save you money and buy something interesting.. This was a waste of time and resources.
Graphics are out of sight. Good game.
This IS NOT a sim. yea the graphics look cute but the rest of the game is bad,dont waste  your money.
A must own. Unlike Super Mario Bros 2, this game was transferred to the GBA in a perfect way. No cons just pros.
Very fun game with different challenges and races. Several vehicles to unlock, damage control. Point to point challenges, time attack, and race against a friend in multiple player or online.
this game is so cool, i can actually beat many people in this game, the game is so much fun.
The graphics alone are reason enough not to play this game.  I couldn't even take the intro seriously they are so bad.
Harvest Moon with swords!!!!  Need I say more?  Awesome game
4.5 stars. Controls suck and can frustrate the heck out of you at times but still well worth the time. Enormous and beautiful environments to explore are the highlight of the game.
Really Dissapointed,don't buy til the game is complete,once again the people who buy game at launch are the ones who get screwed
this game is the worst. it has bad gameplay and bad graphics, so what ever you dodont buy this game.
i cant stop spending money on this free too play game
Bad code? Redeemed using my Playstation account according to instructions but can't activate in-game. Very annoying. Will never buy one of these stupid things ever again.
The best video game than I've ever played
short game - expect to buy DLC to really get all there is to this game.
might be a great game but the activation process goes dead upon CAREFULLY entering act key, wtf?
This was a gift and the person LOVED it! Good ergonomics, feel and quality.  Happy gamer there!
one of the great games out there for ps4
Getting a chance to play this game again is amazing. Pokemon Yellow was the first Pokemon game I played as a child. Playing this game now has brought back so many memories for me.
Played for about 20 minutes last night and I'm not too fond. Probably one of the least fun skateboarding games I've ever played.
A foolish purchase---It was a USED copy and  the Authentication Key was already used.  I could not play the game..
loved it, great fun game easily the best game of 2014
This is a STEAM game....and there are issues on startup after first playing.  Need to make some adjustments that are posted online EVERYWHERE!
What can I say, super boring game. Installed it, played for an hour.. uninstalled.
easily one of the worst games I've ever played. Mediocre storytelling, mediocre voice acting, mediocre animation quality, this game has it all!
It doesn't get any better than this game!!
Looks like a cool game to bad its not on a real console ' like Xbox you'd definitely sale more if it was, one star cau
The servers have been shut down so the game is useless, you cant play anything other than online so your buying a menu lol. Just figured id put this out there.
probably my favorite in the series. the ending is mind blowing. the Metal Gear series comes to a great close with this game.
It is the worst game that I played... The game is boring, and very bad graphics, a big mistake I have bought.,
My all time favorite jeopardy video game ever made hands down and plus the jeopardy set from 2003-2006 is my favorite set from the TV game show ever !
I bought this game after reading the reviews and trust me it was so bad that i traded it in after half an hour of playing it.don't waste your money with this horrible game.
Great game! Bad PC to run it on, its such a demanding game for graphics. Recommend a good PC and also recommend buying it from Steam or GOG.
yikes... final fantasy fans beware. this game is awful.
Paying for stuff that should of been in the game for free.
Insanely fustrating game. Cool graphics. But cartoon like dialog And slow actions. Others may enjoy but I'm not a fan
The plot of the game is horible.  You die way to easy in it.  You can't play it in Steam.  It has no cheat codes.  The game sucks.
It was ok nothing special, much better games.
having trouble with my Windows 10 PC loading and or making it play.not sure this game is to my tastes anyway.
Capcom needs to stop outsourcing franchises to bad western developers.This is basically a really bad socom game with a Resident Evil skin. Don't be fooled by the name.
Crap games, don't know why I thought it would be a good purchase.
My kids wanted an Xbox One console and we chose this one because it included the Lego Movie game and was very cost effective.  It works well and they love it.
One of the best consoles ever made . If you are a gamer or even not this is a great purchase.
love paperboy! not as easy as i thought it would be.  But a fun game, my 7 year old loves it, too...as does his 2 year old brother.
My son played this game for around 2 hours total and then asked if he could trade it in...don't waste your money or time.
Awesome Multiplayer game, beware this game does not have a Story Mode or something like that if you want to enjoin the game use the multiplayer
After 100 hours of game play, I am still interested. The game continuously comes up with challenging content. As stated. Fast shipment.
Cloud Servers do NOT save your game! Hours and hours of progression lost. Do not buy this game I beg you! Don't waste your hard earn money on this broken EA nightmare.
It's great game on the vita. Just be sure to updated before playing makes the game much more smother.
Lego game + Star Wars Force Awakens = Fun
Really bland game. Horrible story. Dry combat system. If you are looking for skyrim, this is not it...
Haven't played yet arrived on time and at a good price if you like the game.
No one even plays this...took me 45 minutes to find one game.  It WAS a fun game when it came out......its HORRID now and a waste of money.
Throwing snowballs made of piss is pretty sweet, but this game is just plain fun and a great tie in to the show.
This game is perfect to play with your friends. Horde mode is better and extremely challenging.  One of my groups favorite games to play when we are all hanging out
nice digital game and loving the quality of the games thanks for great product.
I liked the game...it goes pretty fast....but you can get your score up by finding things faster....a good game for kids too.
It was it great condition. Do not get me started on how great the game is,cause it was better than great, you can drive like a maniac and not get arrested.
i didn't like this games at all. there are better games out there.trust me on this one don't buy it!!
there is nothing good here, it bugged me. I gave it away do not buy this game find another one
I thought this would support new 3ds games like pokemon X and Y but it only works for dsi games which is useless at this point. NEEDS 3DS SUPPORT
SotFS is a great update to an already great game, and it looks better on PS4. I picked up mine for about $30 which I thought was a bargain.
Doesnt work with my gameboy. However it works good
Very Bad there are no players online playing this game so you can't play it at all Not worth downloading even though I got it free.
Great game, its a lot of fun, multiplayer is insanely fun. nintendo keeps it fresh in periodic basis
almost at the end of the game it frozens
The best thing I can say about this game is its better than COD... I think I could not play more than a few hours of this piece of junk.
Having to pay for playing a game you actually bought does not seem right at all.
i really like these games, they are fun
Omg, for the love of god get this awesome game, ENOUGH SAID!
waste of money, this game gets boring fast.
Fun retro bit games on one game cartridge!  Blast from the past d
I am so impressed at what it adds to my game and I enjoy this game so much, it is so fun.
This is a good game. It was not something I would go out and buy right away. It was a wait to the price go down game. It keeps you interested.
Very fast shipping, great game, really enjoy playing it.
i cant sya how muck i hate this game enough they mad suck a good game b 4 with number 2 i guess they decided to do some really bad drugs and make a game
Why wasn't this game made for PS3 like others.  Bummer, just lost a potential sale.
i wanted this game since my best friend told me about it and worth the wait i loved it so much i didn't know i had been playing for four hours my first go
Now this is how you resurrect a franchise. This game is badass!
Definitly the best video game I've ever played. Everything in this game is excelent: the story, characters, challenges, music, graphics, scenarios, etc.
My kids love it.The graphics, the players, the game options.To win the game, just being a fan of Harry Potter saga, well, you know it will be easier to do.
Also, you befriend Groose. Beware guys, this is probably the worst Zelda game I have ever played. I give this game a 0/10. REHASH.
Game play less than ergonomic and not nearly as good as some others somewhat like it. For instance....Mafia II is a lot better game.
Game of the year. One of the best games I have ever played. If you want to know anymore google it. It will tell you the same thing lol...
Great game, but the price is $19.99...not 28 something or other. Fix this!
Used to play ps4 games now it's harder as an adult but the childhood memories always a plus
This is a horrible game. NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE. Just kidding. Its just, what they did to it that really kills it.
Too Bad. It is a shame to have this kind of game in the market nowadays.
The game installed from the discs and then downloaded an update. Everything was done in an hour or two which was nice because it would have taken a lot longer to download the whole game.
Overall a very fun game, lots of replay value and plenty of badass scenes. Controls are well polished, graphics very smooth, sound and ambiance features brings you into Raidens world.
This a great video game where my kids enjoy playing and spending time with his friends. Great  entertainment and game!
didn't work was used and i needed a code to make it work, horrible game
Bought for my 6 yr old son for Christmas. He plays this game over several days until he beat it and even gets several trophies for my husband's PS3 account. Family fun game. Lego-adorable.
I booted the game, practiced a bit- went online, and got killed immediately with long, stupid combos that I could not break out of.Just buy something else, the franchise is dead anyway.
I like playing star wars battlefront it's pretty good game I wish they had it for Xbox 360 it be better playing it online with other players.
Popped game into my Wii and my console could not read the disc. The game disc was scratched up badly.
This game is not the version I remember. It feels very clunky and the load times are hardly tolerable. Try another version for your MK3 fix.
I'm a big Delta Force gamer. I just can't get enough of these games. I play them all day long.
Very useful and well made.  I like this much better than having game containers stacked all of our house from the kids swapping out games all of the time.  Well worth the purchase.
I was so bored that I couldn't even get halfway through the game. It's sad to see the AC series fall hard like this. All action, no story, no character development.
This was a nice add-on to the original game and added some nice features.
I have a really nice and expensive gaming computer from 2005 and this game says it cannot load in my computer. So an utter waste of money for me.
Ah So Many Games So Little Time. I haven't finished any of the games yet but there a great way tospend my time after a long day.
This game is really boring and the combat is terrible, a typical rare game with great graphics and crappy gameplay. At least its not 1 of thier usual collectathons.
very repetitive game, nothing amazing about it. just hack and slash through corridors of enemies over and over again. not worth 65 bucks
I played for 4 and 5 hours..every time Rockstar games make the bestprogramming gamers are the best for collision and quality
It will not install on steam like it say's it will ... This is a major rip-off. The game is unusable because of hackers.
Graphics are good, gameplay sucks!! not enough moves or characters!!! Dont waste your money!!! Gameplay is way to easy!! i beat story mode in a weekend!!
The Rise of Rome is a great add-on to a great game. This will not stand alone. You need Age of Empires. If you love war games, but this game. Wyatt Kaldenberg
Great game. If you like Kingdom Hearts you owe it to yourself to own this.
What an annoying game. All you do is walk around picking up caca. The background sound is annoying. just plain stupid game. Don't buy it.
Amazing VR experience, very immersive; you feel as if you are actually in the game. The feeling of fear is so real; not for the faint at heart.
I love all the Emily Delicious games and this was the beginning of them all.  The price was very competitive.
This game reminds me a lot of Oregon Trail, except it's pirates.  So if you liked Oregon Trail, you will really like this game.  5 Stars for fun.
I'm sure the game is great. It looks really fun; but after I downloaded it, the game wouldn't launch.
Even for a buck 99, I won't give that game a minute playing time. They should pay me instead to play that game.
game is too short and the add ons will cost ya ! graphics suck aswell
Fun game.  Highly recommend playing with a friend.
Great game with a very in depth story.  Rockstar has created another award winning franchise in my opinion, and looking forward to a sequel hopefully.
I just don't find the game fun to play, nothing exciting about it and this was the first madden in some time I have purchased, very disappointing
I loved this game but I can't play it on my Xbox 360 like I thought I could.
What a rip off this should be a free PS four game
Not even the same game as the original Crysis.  What a bummer. Hard to play, not as much fun.  Send it back.ARTZ 3
this video game is kinda lame you have to use a flash light to kill these demon like things that try to come after you at night.
the blue bomber in all his games mostly, its a nice lil collection..not bad for the price and something a lil hard to find
This game has a really good story line and the missions are super fun and challenging.The multiplayer is just amazing.
It was overall just OK. Nothing like a Battlefield game. MEH.
Great game if you like aliens blood and violence
Looking for this everywhere. The old school rainbow six games are the best. Thanks for having them. Amazon is the best.
Fun game! It is in very good condition! It works great! Bring back a lot of fun memories as a kid.
One of my old FAVs ,once you complete game..you kinda want to play again,Super fun.
This game is not good. Nothing like the first one. Just a racing game...on dragons. Expected more rpg like qualities.
I got this game basically for the 2K showcase. I like a a good WWE game where you can go back in time relive old memories.The graphics are really. The submission part is a little confusing.
really restricted movement didn't seem to keep my grand child entertained use to lego games where you search for thing and move everywhere
Great game for a 9 yr old and up
Very good open world game ...story could have been a little better.. but a good AC game
Lots of space for games and for the DSi and accessories.  Easy carry strap and my daughter's favorite color blue.
Absolute garbage. Boring game,dumb plot. Nice graphics tho. I do not recommend this game.
This game is one of the worst tycoon games I have ever played, and most of them are terrible to begin with. What is the point in adding on to an already terrible game?!
More milking from Nintendo.  This game got boring after ten minutes. Returned it immediately.
Fun game very fast shipping! Played for a couple hours last night and has the feel of a Bethesda classic
DLC that should have been in the game, watered down system, hardly any maps, no campaign, go buy Starwars Battlefront 2 instead, it's both cheaper and more worthy of your money.
Fly threw rings and pick up cars...this game is an insult and should be shoved up the developers anus.
I only recieved the game box :( Look used as well.
A good idea but boring game play and story-line.Pros:The background art is beautiful.Cons:The voice acting is horrible.Fight mechanics are poor.Stick with D3, Path of Exile (free) or Torchlight.
I played many games from first person shooter and I know the quality that some games had, but this title realy sucks. Don't waste your money.
This game is not even good for a turtle fan! I'm sure a kid would enjoy it though. I guess if I want to play a TMNT game I'll stick with the NES
my favorite game though am sad they didn't make a third ..I like  the challenge  and the story
Novel games are different but if you love to read suspense material you'll love this game.
THis game takes a little too long to set up.It is definately for older kids - 9-12my son is 5 and really gets frustrated trying to play.
I use this for smash and for other gamecube games as well, and it works and feels great, just like a regular old GC controller.
If you love Yoshi this is the game for you. This game is pretty fun and kinda challanging. It's a really good game.
This is a game that u have to download from the net  I could never get it to work.
at first halo3 and oblivion would freeze on me almost 20 minutes into the game then i got this intercooler ex and wow game hasn't froze since,i own 2 of these
This game looks VERY dated. Thought about playing it since I was a fan of later games by the developers, could not continue onward, much too dated graphically.
Action bloody pack graphics are real xbox one did it with this one best game no regrets XBOX ONE all the way.....
Man tjis game shipped so fast it was great. Perfect condition the disc was the case was a little messed up but nothing terrible. Awesome prices also, shipping also was reasonible.
I've got Tetris on my computer and my cell phone. The DS version is a little tougher to use,but -- if you like the game -- this one is worthwhile.
its a must have for any psvita owners it ez to play it just a good game.
Great quality gamecube controller. Great for wii.Super smooth, best quality out you can buy as of now imo
Looooove the game, wish there were more older songs on it. I do love the randomized module unlock feature.
Awesome game, kids love it 5-13 yrs old. Gets them up and active, instead of stuck on the couch Minecraft out...
want an amazing survival horror game then this as good as they get. in my opinion way better than resident evil
Fun game-graphics do lack-but still lots of maps in Multi-players.......
Heard that this was a good series just started playing, graphic ok so far i mean is is kind of an old game but did not want to start part three with out playing this one.
Is a nice game, but my soon not enjoy yet. It is difficult to understand for little kids.
Nobody wants to play this game with me. I like it though.
I'm a Sims addict so this expansion was just what I needed to make the game even more interesting. I can grow up and continue my life.
The game is great but theres people already trying to make money from the Pip Boy, good luck trying to get double money out of people.
this is the first golf game on the 360 and it shows. unachievable achievements meaning there not unlockable not very fun.
Great game! Came in perfect condition and still in original packaging. Excellent multiplayer and amazing gameplay. Shipped quickly and safely.
When I first played this game I loved it. It was fun and pretty easy. But after 2 days it put me to sleep. Booooooooooring.
not as good as some of the other need for speed games
turns out you can only do one player at a time which makes the other 5 of us a little antsy while waiting our turn. We've had better games
I like game but i did not time on it  give to play i wish you can talk your time play it  like relax
Do your self a favor and read the 1 star reviews before buying this screwed up game at ANY price. I wish I had.
Probably the best Rayman title released to date, as we have them all (Rayman titles) we find this to be the most enjoyable. And a long game to boot!
2nd. to worst game i have payed.
The game never made it big, but it's my favorite
This game sucks. No redeeming qualities whatsoever. Don't purchase this game.
My kids love this game. Gets them all up and moving with the hits on the radio.
I absolutely love this game. Everything from the open world to the combat. A must buy for action goers and gore enthusiasts.
This game reminds me a lot of the very first Mario game for NES but with updated graphics. Easy to play and doesn't require much thinking. Highly recommended.
These are great little cards to store games on.it save you money also. they come in very handy. Thank you Brenda ONeal
I was a tester on this game and mainly purchased this to remind myself of the bugs it shipped with.
Low FPS and not a good game. Uncharted clone all the way.
Card came before the expected date, packaging was very secure. Gives your about 59GB of space which is good with increasing need of downloading games from PSN store rather than change cartridges to play other games.
AWESOME game! Probably the best out of the whole series! If you haven't played this game yet, then you need to buy it NOW!
You have got to be kidding me.No way No how will I buy a pc game that only allows 9vs9
i a good game its just requires a lot of work a hole lot of work to get it to work
Great game, much better than Gran Turismo.  The Forza Motorsport franchise keeps on improving!
fun game to play. I get bored easily though...
my son is such a big kid...cant get enough of his video games..has the friends all come over to play
My daughter loves all of the Lego games, The best Batman yet
Not very good, A little confusing and boring, I guess kids could play it as well but there are much better games out there
Great game for a little girl she loved it
Best pokemon game ever created.  I enjoyed it better than red/blue version.
I got bored playing the game because of his monotonous narration. The effects is good, gameplay could be faster, but the narration ruined the whole game for me.
This game was one of my favorites when I was a kid.
Game won't load. Total waste of my time. That is two games for Christma's for my husband and they will not work.
Fun, awesome, incredible, cool, hours and hours of fun. this game is one of the reasons i bought my PS3,
Worst game of the year. The graphics, glitches, and gameplay are all terrible.
It's the first call of duty Best game they made
Great game for good price. Pick this ine up for not a lot of dough while you can. This game deserves a digital release on Ps3,4 and Xboxon.e
This game was repetative and grew old quickly. I enjoyed the graphics and the combat animations are nice, but when you do the same thing every mission it grows repetative and dull rapidly.
Nothing else to say that hasn't been said - amazing game.
A horrible letdown of a video game unrealistic weapons and jumpsuit armor.
Despite the Japanese only dialog, this game has some solid fighting mechanics and strong sense of story. Not for kids, but definitely a good game.
the graphics were awful - blurry, sloppy and very difficult to see, let alone locate the hidden object.  There are other games you can choose.
They game is just like GTA, just with a different story. The only fun thing to do is running around the city. But you can only do that for so long[...]
Good game, but gets boring really quick without people to play with, and now that virtually no one plays anymore, its pointless.
this would be fun game but I cant seem to play it on the current format of my computer I will ask how but you have no help line
Mighty fine games updated and made for the current day of 5 years ago. Looks great and plays great.
Playstation had a game just likes this and it was called Goo Goo Soundy. That game never worked right and neither does Dance Factory.  The dance routines it creates are simplistic and sometimes off the beat.
Love it, a little easier so I don't get frustrated like I do with harder games, I bought more like this one.
I adore and love steam I also adore and love buying steam games but 28 buck for 20 in credits thats just terrible
Hated it.  It is gone already.. terrible game.  Never will buy one of these again... oh well... at least it was cheap.
my favorite PES game ever.I know it's not perfect but I love this game.
The game was going well, then I had to reinstall it and all my save files were lost. All those hours spent on the game. Gone!
Trivial Pursuit is a fun game and even though it's and older version, it worked very well with my Wii U.  Interesting facts to learn also
Bought this for my 13 year old. No matter how old you are you will enjoy this game. Great for parties.
very pleased with game works great i enjoy playing the game thankful with nice service and pleased purchase, thank you
Could be a GREAT game but it runs heavy, runs slow, load time is terrible... but the games themselves are pretty fun.
this is a great fighter game. i definitely you should get this game. you will have fun
A favorite game! My boys (5,7,8) each have this game. They love it
The game is general is great.Solo & co-op stories.If you loved the first portal, this is even better and larger.This game received an award due its dialogs. Now I know why!
if you like tom clancys games then you would like this one
The game was ordered for my son, it came and was packaged as expected. The game (s) did not have scratches, dents or pits and played out of the box. Awesome
I have the first game and its so much fun. This has horrible controls and the multiplayer functionality which I bought it for is just boring with these controls that never worked.
What would be the next great Star Fox game is simply and horribly hampered by terrible controls.
my girls love this game they will play with it all day the game is a good learning game it is very good thanks.
My son was blown away with the wheel, he had never seen one before. This is his favorite game and he tells everyone he sees about it!
The product arrived on-time and as expected. Excellent game, and excellent service!
This game sucked. The 2 stars is for the graphics but the controls are insanely hard to master.
Compared to dark souls this game is... Meh.
I love now it can hold so mine game.
my  grandson  loves war games and this one is no exception.  he loves it and plays a lot
Didn't like it, wrong game. My bad. Didn't read, needed game for Xbox 360.
Pretty good game. I like the fact that there is more to do in this game.
This game is quite good anybody should give it a try
Game didn't hold their interest for more than a few days, got to say this game is average at best, too bad looked like it had potential
I'd rather play Battlefield 1942, why? this game's doesn't have any offline activities like BF1942 but mostly online activities, which comes to a conclusion that this game is just useless to have anyway
Must play the way and order the game says, any differant and u start mission over. Never finished playing it i got frustrated.
WHY IS THERE NO ONLINE MULTIPLAYER IN THIS?!?!?! IT'S 2015!!!!  I wouldn't pay more than 5 bucks for this game, and I'm a die hard dbz fan.
Everybody raves about this game at the time.  I was excited to get it, but just never got into it.  The graphics where really nice and the cut scenes amazing.
you get to create monsters and do simple missions. big whoop. i get more action out of a Zynga game.
Game would not load.  Returned it, and game would still not load.  Not happy with this VR game either.
Can NOT give this game the proper credit it deserves due to game breaking glitches. Unable to complete the game and Square Enix will do nothing about it.
Doesn't work for most games spend money on an actual Microsoft one it's worth the extra money
Love the smooth transition between single or multiple player, story line amazing. Custom player, played bata as well love this game.
Now that I finished the game I must say great game on a scale of 1to10 I would give it a 9 don't listen to the haters and bias reviewers on YouTube
Did not like the game at all. To hard to move character and defend. Just poorly designed. Graphics were good though.
My son loves this game. Needs little help reading choices, but easy enough for a 5 yr old but fun for adults too.
Thew it in the system, and smoothed out the graphics of some of the older games. Did exactly what it's supposed to.
Not as good as Dark Souls and definitely not as hard, but still a good game.
Fun, scary and sometimes very frustrating. If your a fan of any of the Alien movies than you got to try this game!
It's like Link to the Past, but (dare I say) better! It feels more open, and the game play is very well-polished. It definitely pleases my nostalgia.
The game freezes up every time in the fifth or sixth round,very annoying.
The best way to think of this is if Batman Origins was a live action feature film and this is the cheap game they made to cash in.
This is possibly my teenager's favorite game. He's put more hours into it, playing it and replaying it, than any other game. I'd highly recommend.
You literally can not play this game because the developer can not keep the servers up.  The game has NO offline mode which makes the product completely worthless for the time being.
The game was exactly what I expected. oldie but goodie
this was needed after the Spartacus series ended. the graphics are stunning as is the sound. good story and gameplay.
Power Discs are useless. This did pretty much nothing exciting. Avoid this game
Granted that this an old game, but it is a shame compared to today's 3D games.However, if you want to relive the 90s video game, then by all means you can buy this game.
Was not nearly as fun or dynamic as the Bioshock Infinite base game. Good for fans of the franchise, but not for newcomers who only appreciated Infinite.
Great game. Needs some patches. Big world...too big for me.
they said they tested their games before shipping but when i got the game it wouldnt play. i was so looking forward to playing it too :(
Awesome game! After you beat the game there are still things you have to find throughout the missions. Great graphics
My son loves Pokmon and he thinks this game is all that and a bag of chips. He's happy so I'm happy.
This game is awesome.  It is different every time you play it and it requires real strategy.  I usually can't stop until I complete a game I have started.  Best DS buy ever!!
I like these kind of games. Fast and fluid gameplay, i trued demo from psn and bought this dvd when price came to 30$
The Game was bought as a gift, the person who received the gift says he loves it!!!!!!I did not play the game not my type of game.
Great old school classic shooter very dark in some levels still a great game even if the d pad controls are weird.
what is there to say about this game if you are a game person then you know, my son has all the others so you know that you must have his one to.
It's history is it's worst critic. Don't expect what you're used to from Janes. This is an Arcade game...not a simulator.
If I can't install a game as many times as I wish it was never really MY game.  When I want to rent a game I'll rent it[...].
They would not answer my 3 emails and letters I sent them to ask how to fix the problem. I cannot play the game because it freezes on the start screen every time. Game absolutely sucks.
Finally a good Batman game. But not only is it good, but its awesome. I remember being excited for the Batman forever game on sega, needless to say... It was crap.
I take a long time to get on the laptop and then there was no thing to show u how to play the game
Cheap knockoff. Works for most RPG or simple games. Any game that requires finesse with thumbsticks like a FPS or a rouge style game this controller cannot handle them.
best handheld game ever!! great story line explains alot with the BSAAAchris reifiend and a must buy i love resident evil
the gameplay was WAY better than the previous games and the story was good the final fight was really engaging I ended up looking for more.
It only came with the installation disc. How irritating, now I have to buy the game disc for $20...
Okay but too much going back and forth.  No real challenging experiences with the game play.  Actually kinda stupid game.
Have not played much with it but would be nice it there was a setting to just mute mic for game play and not just all the time.
The game would not load into my computer as it would not accept the serial number of the disk.  I wrote the company and they never answered.  What a ripoff.
This game purports to be an action RPG but I really just found it to be a tedious button masher. This game and its sequel are usually sold for way more than they are worth.
Games are OK.  Not much replayability. Not Great.  But ok if you can buy cheap.  Not the worse game I have ever played.
This is one of the worst video game disasters in recent history. The servers are always busy. Do not waste your time with this purchase.
Used to play this game a lot as a kid on PS2 so in this day and age I decided to re-buy it, but for PC. Great trip down memory lane. Highly recommend!
game sucks, half the roster is gone.
The game was great it reminded me when I was a teen and I played the game. Good experience ge works great.
Our grandsons love this game! They all enjoy playing against each other and it action packed! A big Christmas gift hit!
I love this game. I got it at a really reasonable price while it was on sale. I am really happy with my purchase and the product I received for the money.
I think most everyone who has reviewed this game has said it all.  Great game with plenty of action.  Very challenging to play and the graphics are awesome.
This is a joke Right?!?!? This game is Junk. Unless your really looking for a Castlevania / Contra-esk 1980's 2D flat world experience, you will be EXTREMELY Disappointed. Avoid
If you are a fan of any of the previous installments you will enjoy this game.  There isn't too much more to say about it than just that.
Nice box, nice shirt, nice steelbool, nice art book and nice game
Love this game. Rockstar really outdid themselves here, although I can't help but screw around all the time while I play.
I was surprised with the machine I bought. I bought a new-in-box 20th edition gameboy micro and it exceded my expectations.
This is/was one of my favorite games. I bought is ages ago, and just found out I never did write a review. sorry sellers....
same places all over the game , cheesy story line, bad voice acting..bugy cover system, the AI so stupid run at you when you have shotgun..
All it is, is a HOS game.
This game's great too. I got the 1st 2 Jak & Daxter games & hope they continue this series. 5 stars :)
i bought this game and didn't get a chance to play it because the seller i got it from gave me a copy that was made in Austria. I would really love to play it though.
The game itself is great. The only problem is with Wii U not enabling the Wii U Pro controler for Wii and Wii Virtual Console games.
Decent game.  You can't drive the boat, which I dislike.  Hooked or Hooked Again are much better bass fishing games.
This game must have been a port from the original playstation, it definitely does not seem like a 2nd generation game.
The game is fantastic and sad! Loved playing through the game though there were sad moments in the game.
amazing game, perfectly paced from start to finish. Has the best feeling of progressing in power of any game ive played.
Lack of story mode and a campaign that walks you through the game really made me drop this game after 45 minutes. Needed an introduction like Borderlands had.
My kid and I weren't able to enjoy the game. It was hard to play and we lost interest right away.
I was not to impressed with this game and I don't have it anymore. My friend I gave it to don't like it either.
garbage game. moneysucking company. but i keep buying them anywy
terrible graphics ,PC version is much better, Socom  is a better game .Not at all what I was expecting the game play is slugish and team members sometimes ignore you.
not good if you want an experience like this I suggest the csi and or law and order games.
I didn't receive the US version of the game.  It looks like European version.
only caters to perv. Not a good game.
Easily one of the best games on the PS2, the remake improved on it in every way, but it's still aged well regardless.
Not as fun, to play as a Templar... not much changed from last game
Compared to Vice City this game was a let down. An just based on Liberty I would never look at another Grand Theft Auto game. I should have just replaced my missing Vice City.
Got 2 of these for my kids so they could play on their Nintendo Ds. They play with this game often and its a lot of fun. Sometimes I play with it as well.
Game has no quick saves,enemy shots are always accurate,yours are not. Enemy shots go thru solid surfaces. As combat vetern of Vietnam this game is not realistic.
I could not get this game to adjust my mouse settings sufficiently to even play the game. Not up to the standard of the previous issues of Assasin's creed which is one of my favorite games.
Thank you. it makes old games look a lot better. I highly recommend seller.
This game is awesome.  One of the better old school X-Men games.
great fun for family and friend gatherings and also a great work out, very good and fun game for the money
The first game was epic! This one was like playing sonic the hedge hog on crack! save ya bread! Buy Saint's Row the Third for some true awesomeness!
A++++++ I LOVE this game!!! The graphics are cool and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this game for any "Barbie" fan
I don't own the game but with all these negative reviews just might as well rate it 1 star
Great game from a great series!Can't go wrong!Silent Hill should be around for a long time to come, so dig in!!
Sims 3 Stuff... Just more stuff to add to your game. If you want a complete collection go for all you can in the stuff and expansion packs.
my blutooth does not see it most times and most of my pc games that do see other's will not see this.
Great game, but it came with a smashed corner in the cartridge.  A bit disappointing for $40
I am very good at driving games and started with medium difficulty.  The competition battered me off the driving lines and I just can't see getting into this game even after learning the tracks.
This is a Cute game you get to play as wall-E & eve. lots of levels to do,some puzzles,but nothing that IGN.com can't handle-WALK THROUGH!
Probably one of the worst racing games I have ever played
Great game!  Played perfect on my ps2.  No issues at all or glitches.  It came in the mail with everything they said it would and all in great shape!
A fun game picking awesome vehicles and blowing up stuff
The product was in excellent conditions works perfectly had no scratches at all. the game work perfectly and came within few days.
Repetitive  gameplay mixed with a so so story will recommend  not to buy.
Awesome game, but only with a gun..
Love anything Pokemon!! Played Black 2 all the way through and now playing white. I am 53 years old and the Pokemon series is my all time favorite handheld game.
Another lousey boring basketball game. where do they come up with these games. this game was stupid.
This game is fair. Mario kart is way better.  The graphics are not to great. But if your looking for a cheap game then this the one. My kids hated this game.
i now have every sly game on my vita which is awesome. i loved the later versions but still remember watching and playing these games several years ago.
i enjoy sports games and this Madden NFL Football was much worth it glad it's apart of my nintendo 3DS collection now thanks
fun game my son plays for hours great fun for adults too
Too complicated for my 5 year old who loves Monster High. Not a lot of gameplay outside talking to "ghouls" and walking around the school.
Love the game. Almost reminds me of Super Princess Peach. Maybe they were made by the same people.
Cool works and its not bad, Runs fine on the wii dashboard an sd dashboard just fine.The game start up right.
My son loves this game and was happy with the special edition version.
No pockets to put cables, joy con's, or extra games, No strap to hold down the switch or pull tab to pull the switch out. $29.99 not worth it
A great traveling/everyday case for my 3DS XL. Carries three games in addition to the 3DS. No room for a charger in the case, but I usually carry that separately anyway.
Great game, it's like playing a Disney movie
Great game. Lots of action. Free roam action with tons to do.
Tried and tried to get the game to work without success.  Won't try another EA game from now on.  Very disappointed with this product.
don't really need cards larger than 8MB and the 8MB by sony is most compatible with all games but these work too
Big change from the last game! Highly recommended. Definitely a challenge for everyone!
For all ff fansFor all gamersFor everyone!!!This is the best game for psp!I love everything... story, graphic, battle mode, characters in other word ALL ^-^You should buy it! ^_~
Simple pick up and play game for anyone.I play this with my girlfriend often and she hardly games. I can easily play solo on any number of the harder difficulties for more of a challenge by myself.
This game cannot be purchased, you can only rent it due to the horrible DRM system. Don't support customer abuse; don't buy this game until Ubisoft removes the product activation limit!
My daughter watched the movie to get hints to the game.  I don't know if that helped, but she enjoys playing it.
I did not enjoy this game. The controls and characters were both really annoying.
EA needs to polish their games before releasing.  Also, it seems like they've lost a bunch of great features over the years (compared to old Tiger Woods versions).
Flawed software.Creates run icon that doesn't work.You have to completely reinstall if want to stop and play later.The game once you are playing is pretty good, but the install needs to be fixed!!!!!
Outdated racing gamein about an Hour and a half I beat the 3 tracks with the 5 cars in the game
This product did not play and of the games properly but it did ship fast.
I was not a fan of this game at all. I loved MvC2, but this seems just too different. I hated the dedicated launcher button. Rent first before you buy this!
I've loved this game since the 90'sIt's great to play it on it's original format.It works perfect.
They last for about 5 months if you are a heavy gamer. They were alright but not the best.
Multiplayer is so overrated and the lack of a single player mode makes it a non-starter.  Sorry but X-box one is stumbling with a lack of good games for the new system
Game Freak should try making a new game. It could be about Pokemon, only with new ideas.
Love this game I'm in the middle of playing it now I just hate the remote control.
Disk came very scratched and the game crashes about halfway through even though it was claimed to be fully tested and working
awesome game i love this game its cool and if you look up cheats you can fly plains and a hunter and a jetpack but the games is just the best
My son is so happy with this game.
My son loves this game he has been playing it this whole time and he is very happy thank you
There are better games.....i expected more about it
Easy game, not much to the story.
Game might be fun but I wouldn't know because of the 3 hour out of package install plus the lag time and countless boots out of the game to the main screen hopefully it will improve in time
Its is okay if you are a dbz fan but it is horrible graphics and it gets boring fast. i have played better games but it is a okay game.
I found this origin story of the Kingdom Hearts universe very enjoyable. The battle systems were similar to the other games' entries. The story was intriguing, & the graphics were beautiful as usual.
Very fun game, very responsible seller, would recommend
I bought this for my grandchildren, and they enjoyed playing the game together on their X-Box 1.
This is another fun Pop Cap pc  game that is very entertaining. The graphics of hidden objects are great...alot of fun!
The game will not load on my Mac. The box says its supposed to. This was a very big disappointment. I was trying to get out of the shooter games.
Really great rhythm game, LOVE vocaloid, and my favorite song is in it--world is mine.
They're all like new they're fantastic i now have somewhere to put my gameboy game and i couldn't be happier
Morrowind, Oblivion or Skyrim  this is not! The mud that's gets stuck on Geralts boot in Witcher 3 is  a good examplw of what this game is.
The game itself is great, but Games for Windows Live is such a frustrating piece of garbage.  I wish it would just die and stop bringing down my PC gaming experience.
Vintage! Who needs a nex gen system when you can play these games for a few minutes and not waste 40 hours of your life.
This game is terrible, buy Far Cry 3
I love this game, its not complicated at all. It refreshing, relaxing but not boring.My 4 yo daughter loves this game too because the pictures so beautiful, flowers, water fall, forest.
love this game,very fun to play.my kid can't get enough of it,matter of fact neither can my wife.thank you alot.
Sum kid running around playing tarzan acrobat superhero with ginormous Falcor ripoff.  I hate the game but Falcor is cool thog.
Great game! Would easily recommend to anyone.
I only recieved the game box :( No book, nothing disc, also looked used.
I love this game, and the figure of Nathan is so beautiful.
This was another item that I bought for my 47 year old Son to play with his game; Call of Duty!  He loves it.
Great gift, my boyfriend collects all these video games, movies, etc.
This is pretty much your run of the mill console fps.-horrible controls-story sucks-voice acting is horrific-the suit powers are more annoying than funOverall this game gave me a headache for $20.
Awesome game, bad patching system. I have played many military strategy games no matter what game comes out I always end up coming back to this, great story and overall awesome game.
I had played all series of ths game and I do not like lose this last game
got game today tried to play game and said it can not read disc.
If you're a fan of Final Fantasy style RPGs, then this is for you! Had a lot of fun with this game. It definitely pushes the original Wii beyond it's limits though.
Terrible game. No goal, just racing.
This came right on time. It is a gift for my son. He is going to love it. It has 3 of his favorite games.
this game is worth buying even for the cover art i am addicted to it!
Bought this game because my cousin told me it was good and boy was he wrong.  The premise is good, but the game is terrible.  Save your money on this one.
...and that is exactly what happened.  I would jump...the game wouldn't register it and just sat there waiting for me to jump.  Not very fun at all.  Or productive.
It wasn't that much more for the game and the controller so we bought the game+controller pack.  Wii Play is really hard to play and control and doesn't have very fun games.
I purchased this game for my son. He is very happy with the game so that makes me happy as well. Prompt delivery as usual
Bought thinking I could play for xbox 360 (dumb). Still a great game though.
My husband and I adore this game.  Action, adventure, humor, it has a bit of everything. We love it, and would love an new game featuring Indy. Highly recommend.
A diego style side scroller with attacks, this game is completely unplayable.  No continues, and a high death rate (constantly starting over) make this game a complete waste of time.
i love this game it fun playing this it was nice box in mail and ship out new it perfect :)
Works great. I bought this as a gift for someone. A good product for playing games on your PC with a Xbox 360.
game is so broken couldn't even play it kept shutting down thought it was going to be good game but i was wrong
I like all "Need For Speed" games. I just added this one to my collection.
Excellent timing to deliver, package was in more than perfect conditions when received. As far as I have played, game is really interesting and addictive.
Very fun, family oriented game. Can be difficult if this is your first ever Wii game but it is a good way to learn how to use the Wii remote.
I really like playing this game, I have always like playing Mahjong games, and this one is as good as the others, but a little more challenging do to the fact that it is 3d.
Great control, animations and presentation. The game is fluid and lots of fun. Big step up from the last gen version.
Game froze only a small way through the campaign game,. could not get past the crashing portion. System and game play is a bit complex.
My son could not be any happier to received this little game console. It is clearly a thing to keep you young teen from create riots for crazy parent.
Seller did well to expedite the shipping.. Not a bad game overall
I can't play this game. Is a button masher. I played it once and haven't played it since.
Easily the BEST Zelda game. This game just like most zelda game as aged well you won't regret this. You'll like the way it plays i guarantee.
My 15 year old grandson was not too thrilled with this game.  He said it was very confusing to play.  He put it on his "play not so often" list.
Works as advertised.  No Problems.  Family loves to play the games and it is easy to operate and very responsive...
Great,needs a little Improvement to the party system,but overall is a great machine.really shows how much more vision Microsoft had than Sony in the video game industry.
They sent the game case but did not send the game! was very upset considering this was a gift and I handed them an empty case
Did not work at all. Dosnt even load past the in game liading screen after turn onn. Freezes everytime
This Bundle is embarrassing. Why would Microsoft bundle the Xbox one with a failure of a game?  They should have made a dead rising 3 bundle instead lmao.
I enjoyed this game.  A little morbid at times, and definitly not for children.  I liked that it took a long time for me to finish it.
Having played all Diablo available, this has a much better feeling of the play...will be purchasing xbox version shortly in hopes that the game feeling is even better.
Game will not load on my system for some reason.  I wish I could be sure before buying the game.  My computer is less than 2 years old and more than meets the requirements.
I know that sounds lame, but the book "Metro 2033" is a great read and are the events that lead up to what happens in the game! The gane is awesome!
I went to 3 websites that were recommended for a fix.  Nothing worked.  Too bad.  It looked like it would have been a promising game.
When I played this game, I felt like this is 2006 game. Everything is horrible. This game only costs 1 dollar.
I am a huge fan of the Assassins Creed series of games and this is a great addition to the series and for the Vita.
Its an amazing game and it was sold at a very generous price. Overall a perfect buy in my opinion.
And a relatively long game on top of it. I loved the storyline and all the characters.
My 7 year old did not care for this game even though she loved the smurfs.
ok im gonna keep this simple this game is a waste of money .
The game is terrific, but the people that sold it are useless. The game arrived wit ha scratch on the disc, takes around 4 minutes for my brand new PS3 to read it.
This is not a game you play. This is a boring game you read. Bleh. Waste of money - just go borrow a library book!
I love this series - so maybe I have a slight bias. As far as arcade style racing games, wipeout is one of the best, and deserves a bigger following.
The graphics in this game are cute, & the customization is fun. But- navigating the game is quite frustrating.
Good game, got in 1/4 in to it,Sweet
This racing game series was its own class in a way.
love this game its so great I beat it within a three night period but it brings back memories of why I started playing the whole halo series to begin with.
Graphics are great the game is really fun makes me want to go back to the 18th century and fight England. I found no bugs of late which helps the game go straight to five stars.
What can be said that hasn't already been said about this game, "Cash Grab" SMFH!!!!!!!I can't believe someone actualy made a game worse then "HAZE"!
Not the best game, wouldn't recommend it.
This game is awesome. I really love playing this game. I recommend the game.
Bought as a gift for my 9 year old daughter who loves Lego Friends.  She really has enjoyed the game.
Cool game, but the how to play lasts way to long. Someone tell Sony to show us how to play the game better
I like the game but it gets repetitive and boring after the 8th level.  I guess I want more action and different landscapes.  Still searching for the right game!
i always wanted this game but could not buy it at gamestop cause my age but on here it was cheap and everything game work like new and i just love every moment with this game
Very hard to figure out controls.  Not a good game.
this was an okay game. not one of the best racing games i played but it was alright. the graphics and scenry was cool though. but i wouldn't buy it.
Average graphics, slow gameplay, insanely shallow dialogue, and cheesy music. Need I say more?
amazingly fun game.  Its fast paced insane racing full of crazy spectacle events.
I enjoy this game more than the kids do. It reminds me of mario-cart which is exactly what I was looking for.
I won't waste more time regarding this disastrous game, nothing good about it except graphics.Poor story that make no sense, poor combat tgat can be exploited easily, bad side quests and dead open world.
Could have been a good game. Gameplay is not fair not like Dark souls more like E.T.
Skip if you don't have 8+gb of high-speed ram. It will stutter. The gameplay is great though.
this game is a true classic great music great game play great story this game has it all buy this game you won't be sorry
Absolutely trash. If u want motion sickness this is for you. The games are horrible the quality of the vr is garbage. Its a weak piece of hardware my advice get the Samsung oculus
Boring and in no way a single player game.
Get it? Because you electrocute things... like shocking... I'm sorry... I'll see myself out. In all seriousness, this game is great.
Terrible game play. You literally do nothing but use an Amiibo to roll an on screen dice, everything else happens randomly. The Amiibo are cool though.
Terrible compared to the previous games. It's become a children's game with little to do and no challenge. Everything is automated. What is the point?!
I really should have the kids writing this I think they liked this game but yet there was something lacking in all the zelda games
So far so good. This one is for MGS4. But I'll try other games only on PS3.
Maybe its just user error but I did not enjoy this game.
Uploaded it to my PC and it crashed it. Put it on my laptop and had to restore from factory settings......Love the game but cant play it.
I loved this game, this is what started kingdom hearts and i seriously loved it. great story, more depth in characters and complicated.
This game is to dark to see anything and hard to play with the controls provided.  I'd recommend upgrading to a different system for this game.
This is the worst sonic game ever! Trust me it looks fun but it is not!
I love that all three games were on the same disc and that its pretty to switch between whichever one your playing.
This expansion has been very lack luster. The physical goodies in this edition are good but the game is not. Hopefully next expansion is a lot better.
I beat this game couple days ago, a interesting story and enjoy play it
I absolutely love this game and how interactive it was. Very memorable. Finally beat it all the way after it lagged so much back in the day on a pirated copy.
Amazing game one of Playstations best games i absolutely recommend this to any one.
This game is boring enough to fall asleep and never turn it back on. I found it very monotonous.
The subject just about sums it up.  If we all buy this we will be telling the game companies we'll settle for less!  Not worth it by far!
the makers went out of business so you can't play this game at all
After winning this game last was happy to now see how saint 4 came to be. Yes the graphics are not as good however this is still a very enjoyable game to play.
I download it and it regures downloading more stuff and registration and online connection... too much trouble and they don't tell you all that before you download "game" which is just registration application....
Did not know it was coming with 2 other games... what a pleasant surprise! Thank you!
Not a great boxing game, punches are off and the game feels unrealistic. The controls could have been done way better.
Was excited to get a new game for PS4.  This game is a total bore.  The graphics are decent, but the idea/story/concept is not exciting at all.
As far as 1st person shooter games, this game is lame. Go with great ones like Rainbow six or Call of Duty.  Thats where its at.  This game is hurtin.
A lot of flying which I do not care for,but others would like.  I like the game anyway.
This is probably the best game on Xbox 360. Besides maybe battlefield bad company 2. Highly suggest. Hopefully they will support backwards compatibility on Xbox one soon!
Does not work with my highly expensive computer and I have all the componets for the game.
I couldn't get into it. Kinda feels like a ps3 game lol
Never got the game!  It seemed pointless. Tried it a few times and just gave up and never put it on again.
doesn't work with the games its states, the problems could be with apple IOS 8XX, My IPAD is GEN 4 it shows connected, but games for some reason doesn't pickup game controller
Probably the worst game in the Tales series.
Great game, bought for son who loved Mario/Luigi, played on WII
No age limit for this game...the older men are still hooked on the old fashion games. Loved it
The perfect game for those who enjoy RPGs, social sims, and to somehow start to feel for characters you never thought you would feel for.
Worked great. NES fully functional. Highly recommend cleaning your games before using this. I use brass polish and then alcohol cleaner and it works fantastic.
This game is fun for a few minutes but it is pretty much a one trick pony.I haven't had a chance to play with other people but I think that would be more enjoyable.
This game is way too short, its the worst entry in the series, and their is no co-op campaign. This really isn't worth 40. Save your money on a different game.
Son loves the stand because now it sits up and is accessible because now it up higher and it's easy for him to charge his controllers and take games out of the PS4
So many hours of gameplay.. it's huge. A vast world with tons of objectives,  litered with dungeons and treasures and good grAPHICS TO BOOT
I enjoy most PS3 games, even the not so great ones have certain interesting elements, on the other hand this game is boring and just, OK.
this was  not the right game for my grandsons ds
I can't tell you how happy I was to see my daughters faxes when this game came in.  Wonderful condition.
I finished it and getting ready for second game
I bought these thinking they would be compatible with gamecube controllers, but they are too big
GREAT game and great gameplay! My xbox thanks me for this bought!
It might be an okay game. I just don't like that it requires using the wii u gamepad to play it.
Game servers got shut down shortly after purchase, literally making the game unplayable. Very unfortunate.
cross play with the wiiu (local play, wiiu, most be host) great game to play with more people
This is a great game, fun to play. Classic megaman, you can't go wrong.
Destroyable environment is the only decent thing is this game.  The gameplay itself sucks.
The Legendary level is way much harder than Halo 1.  The game is also boring I quit playing after a couple hours.
The best resident evil game with the most functional control scheme, packs scares, puzzles, a rpg like gun leveling system, everything was perfect, easily a recommend for anyone.
Great for playing with friends, specially the party and Mario games. And it came with two of them!
Love all the Nancy Drew games, lot of action, intrigue in all of them.  Highly recommend for mystery buffs.  A must for Mystery Collectors.
Great set of games and fun for local play or on xbox live item as described
This is a fun game to play, there is alot of excitment in this game.  Kids of all ages would really enjoy playing it.
I was really hoping it would be on the same levelas doom 3 and what doom 4 looked like. Sadly this game is stuck in the 90s with not much replay value and stunted mp.
Don't like this game so I sell it
This game is awesome af. Once I started I couldn't put it down! All the way to the Platinum Trophy baby!
A classic game that should be included in everyone's library for the Vita.Easily one of the most memorable playstation games I've played growing up
Terrible. Short game length, extremely redundant, and garbage fight mechanics.
even as a family friendly game its amazingly addictive. the courses vary from crash and burn to a sunday drive lol. and the many different obstacles depending on the stage keeps things interesting.
and this game dose not work halo 3 odst halo reach dose not work you sold me two sorry ass games byby i can get them some were eles
If you love Star Wars... if you love video games... if you're just awesome... then this is for you.  The original Star Wars trilogy in one great pack.
I just got this in the mail today. I never heard of it until I was scrolling games! It's  Fun!
This is my all time favorite tactics game. It's challenging and fun and has a cool story line.
im a huge fan of digimon and the digimon game series but this maybe the worst game ive ever play confusing, boring, and i really cant think of anything good to say about it
its a good game but it got boring and annoying way to fast even on easy is very frustrating...
This game was fun to play for me and a buddy in multiplayer PvP for a few months. I enjoy WoL and HotS and cant wait for Legacy of the Void!
Don't ever get this game, it's bad.
fun game if you want to get one of the best halo games get this one you will not regret it.
dumb gme you just run around fightin and jumpin like 'Yay Ima monkey!"  dumb game just no I made my dad go buy different game plus it overprice
This game from any point of view is not equal to the original dragon age.If you like the roleplay in its pure, stay with dragon age 1.
I thought the game was flawed. No match-making for campaign, no matchmaking for online (except competitive), and a lengthy, at times pointless level up system. Would not buy again
The EA servers are completely offline for this classic PC game, so it is virtually useless now :(
Love this game if you have a need for speed. Delivery was prompt and our six-year-old loves it. Not too violent.
One of the best hidden object games.  Pop Cap did well.
NIntendo is stuck in the SNES era. This game is not next gen. What's the point of having a gamepad if this game doesn't use it. Step your game up Nintendo.
long story short this game is trash just like pretty much every Tekken game after Tekken 5
This is such a fun game! I love how it plays like an arcade game
Awesome game to short if you ask me ... But I always come back to play it Again....
SAY WHAT!!!!! Cool game. BUT $119.00!!!!
An excellent continuation to the game of Tomb Raider that marked a restart for the saga that already was necessary, I recommend it.
You make your own content, and thats what makes this game so great, its the ultimate pirate fans dream!
Why do I have to put in a credit card if the game is free? I'm not going to risk that.
Aside from being a bad port the actual note charts are rather weak in this entry.Great soundtrack, weak game play.
Awesome game with a loooot of references to other games. I like the style of the game and the characters. They deliver the story in an interesting unique way.
nice games..my sons loves these..no issues so far
fits perfect on ps4 controller and helps play games alot
This game is absolute garbage.  Graphics and design are like 30 years old.
Madden 25 is a great game. However there are still a few minor fixes needed. Well it's okay because grand theft auto 5 is out now.
Great games. Tough games for us older folks, but a lot of fun. Will probably play again. Great ship time
false advertising as a multi-player game. Multi-player is no longer supported so you cannot use it as such. Big let down.
I used to love to play Worms on my computer so I bought this game thinking it would be the same... But it is not.
This game could have been amazing.  The loot system is so good.  The sad part is that it is unfinished and it shows.  It suffers from very clunky combat.
Game sucks very repetitive boring if you played mario kart 64 then you played them all in my opinion mario kart double dash is the best on game cube buy that instead of this Garbadge
I ordered this game for my daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves it.  The graphics are awesome.  I'm a very happy parent right now.
I've been playing the sims since 1999 and I just love this expansion pack its fun and adds so much to your game play. shipped fast too
The game is fabulous & u'll get a different story by chosing different choices
I played this game a few times but did not like it because it is not easy to navigate and shoot villains at the same time.
My daughter and her friends love this game, they love the karaoke singing and the game mechanics are pretty good to keep them engaged.  They had a good time playing this .
The game came as expected as told in the description, perfect working condition and everything as told. Great game to play!
So many bugs in this game it destroys the enjoyability of it.  Zombies meleeing you through a chain link fence, et cetra.  Crap game, don't waste your money.
this is the most challenging game ive ever played, the music brings back some good memories of my childhood :)
Was suppose to be super Nintendo game but wasn't
This is a superb game!! But the mix up the discs disappointed me.  Hopefully it will be addressed with reprints but this is just unprofessional to me.
Guess Im just not into this type of game.  It sucked, i didn't really like it to much however the kids did
this is one of the best racing games ever
Works with Apple TV, iPad, iPod and everything apple,  makes gameplay much easier and better with this controller, like an Xbox controller for your apple devices, pretty cool!
My 7 year old and 9 year old fight over who gets this game first.  They both love it.
works pretty good nowthe game has a community that is starting to die right when they fix the issues that should have been fixed when people paid $60 at launchunless you love the single player.......STAY AWAY
I love Sonic the Hedgehog games, and I just wanted to purchase this item to play the game just for fun.
Small, and cannot accommodate many games which you will surely need.
I wanted to get another doom game because I have a friend who won't give it back so I ordered another 1 and it does not play
Beat game ever you going to love this game addictive so good and satisfying
Probably a cool game for some....but not my kind of game.
My son loved it. He says the graphics and the story line are awesome. He would recommend to any body who is a gamer. Excellent sound quality.
For me, this game is very funny and fits very good with mi new ps Vita, best christmas ever :D
This game is so so, not too impressed
lacks inverting the camera for right thumbstick on x and y so i can't play this game.game ruined by something so simple.
This game is not good and not worth even playing for free. Which it is free to play. Do not buy this game.
i really enjoyed this game have played online with friends and had a ball with it .Have played it several times off line everything about it is great highly recommend it for anyone who likes war games
Love all the "Dash" games!This one doesn't fall below the mark!  Great game!
This is simply outstanding two of my top favorite PS3 games now on PS4
they need to get it fixed before selling people this im very sad that the game won't work iv been waiting for this game a long time and this is what i get problems :(
Disney screwed over all the fans, and cancelled this game.  DO NOT BUY unless you only want this for the plastic figures.
lets just say its TERRIBLE.Heres why. While runing in the game time starts ticing! And if a hunter getsyou heres how JUMP RUN.And glitchs poorly it has bad grahics. BAD!
the name says it all if this isn't your style of game i wouldn't pick it up it was fun and does have an interesting story.
This game is just bad , If you really want this game get it on pc. It runs better on pc , the pc version also this gets updates.
Sm4sh? More like tr4sh amirite?Best Smash game so far, as long as we're talking about playing for fun.
This is a great deal has the board the meter and the game worth it
a must have for any hardcore hack/slash fan,those type of games is so rare these days
This is a great game, but lag/slow jerkiness makes it essentially unplayable--and I have WELL above the minimum requirements in regard to my system.
Please do not get this game unless your a strategy gamer. I thaught this game was 1st or at least 2nd person game from the sample pics IT IS NOT!!!!!!!!!
Faithful reproductions of several classic SEGA games. Controls are responsive and feel correct, something that is sometimes lacking in classic game compilations. This should be in everybody's 3DS library.
Very boring game, to bad bungie didn't make it and turn it into a first person shooter game, than it would have been better. not worth the money.
Cool game bought for nephew and absolutely loved it due to vibrant colors and story.
Hated it.  Awful graphics, story, gameplay.  Couldn't even finish it.
Dumbfounded by all the praise of gamers.  I hated it.  The combat is nothing special, and the plot is ludicrous.
Infamous is simply fantastic. Its a great open world RPG. you will have a blast playing this game. i have no complaints
Very thorough and complete game. No bugs or glitches, and it was really fun! The challenges kept me coming back for more.
The game is better than the movie is not a good reason to buy a game. Something to trade. Laffs are on me this time.
I only got so far & the game froze???? Tried it a 2nd time & same effect. My computer is relatively new, so it wasn't a problem with my computer.
The game looks pretty fun from the back of the case however I was unable to play it as the codes did not work. So it was just a waste of money on my part.
This is a beautiful game and the combat style is great... this is a game one should have...
i must say it was worth it my son enjoys this game very much. recieved as described and in a timely fashion thank you
The Solitaire game focuse too much on graphics, advsersly effecting the game play.  On a 17" screen the cards look quite small. There does not appeal to be a way to alter this.
Awesome game, Raid mode adds so much more hours to the game.
Im still playing this game I know its a little old but still fun to play like all Tom Clancy games!!!
It was a very good game. My first time playing a pokemon game since emerald. Not bad at all.
Retunred it immediately. Not a good system nor game. I'm going to pick up uncharted 4 PS4 instead.
We love this game and the graphics look great on the PS4
I love all things mario this is a good game challenging  levels keeps you going for months good game for the money
Super Mario Kart is a classic racing game, but it has a lot more fun characters.  What's not to love?
My goto racing game. Very good game.
This game is great. The graphics is great. the sound is great. The spells are awesome. Bullfrog have made a great game once again.
I played this game for 5 - 6 hours; I just couldn't get into it. The controls I thought were terrible. A game guide is definately needed.
The game had awkward fighting style. And hard to use features. Just really didn't like it because it was hard to play. Did not finish it
Not my most favorite game, I like action, this one can be slow at times.
Brilliant atmosphere, solid gameplay. Like a sci-fi/horror Dishonored
This game is no better than the origional. The fact that they put persians and yanks in it doesn't make it more enjoyable.
this controller worked for about 2 days before it completely stopped working. It doesnt sync to the game system anymore, It doesnt charge it just a complete waste of time and money.
The grand kids hated this game and did not really ever get into playing it so I can not recommend or NOT recommend it.
Fantastic game.  Borrowed this from a friend some time ago.  Wanted to replay it again, so i just went ahead and bought my own copy.
Great game with all the characters. Except kilgore, which was odd. He still costs 10 dollars and is seperate.
A reflex game with very little real enjoyment. Very addicting, yes, but built on a COD formula, not real gameplay.
OK so this was free, but I wouldn't call it a hidden object game.  After a  couple brief hidden object screens...it was more like candy crush.
truly horrible flying sequence. truly awful mine field sequence. trial by death is not fun. this game is not good.
I have to rate this with only one star because the game kept kicking me off and would not play or let me play the game. Sorry!!
I high quality game that doesn't require you to play the previous game to get the full experience. A must buy for RPG players on the 3ds.
I received a open package with no game disc inside. Someone tried to tape it shut. The only thing in there was downloadable content, diffitly will be getting my money back or exchanging.
I wasn't a fan of using the touch screen. Cool game and stuff, just the touch screen for everything turned me off.
Not reassure what to do in the game! Confusing really, the pointer doesn't always work either. Haven't been able to make it past first part, or my boys!
This game is the epitome of glitchy. Great concept for kids though.
it does not work with windows correctly. I tried everything and still did not get it to work right. bad game.
the game came in and had another persons name in white out on it and didn't even work. waist of my cash.
It is a poor game, and contains nudity, Monsters also are naked woman body , this is contrary to our religion
Maybe its because its an old game now but I found it rather boring.  The AI is dumb and visually the game doesn't look that great.
LOVE THIS GAME!  I am addicted to Pop Cap Search games!
There is a disconnect with the shooting. There's no sense of bullet travel. The game is awfully srcipted and multiplayer isn't any good.
after receiving the game I was disappointed to find that the server that are required to play the game will be closing very soon. meaning that I can no longer play the game
Thought this game would be hot but its not
This is a must-have if you or your kids have a 2DS. Very durable case that has a built-in, multiple game holder.
why is everything on the ps3 so difficult the ai cheats the games just plain suck  golde throwing gernades you cant even  shoot back ps2 was the best system ever i only play that bye bye ps3 and wii
this collection of games were okay, the best one out of them all was super packman. the rest were not worth playing. :(
If you like getting stuck in games where your team is getting chrushed so bad you cant even spawn and if you leave the game youll get banned
Very disappointed. This game promised dlc's but when I got the game, it was a used game and I was unable to use the codes for the dlc's because they had already been used.
This game is solely reliant upon the internet connection to play, it is plagued with host connection terminating issues and much more. Great game, when you can actually play it.
Simply unplayable.  You can tell this was a great game at one point, but for some reason they shoehorned the Wii U's awful touchpad and motion control gimmick into the game.
Great game! Well worth the price of admission.
DO NOT buy this game until it gets a few patches.
Eh. I've played better fighting games then this.
I purchased the game in "very good" shape, but when received, the case was damaged and the game simply does not work. I cannot express my anger and disappointment.
I guarantee you will say it's WHAT TIME at least once while you are playing this game time just gets lost
The blue LED light is nice and it keeps my WII nice and cool during game sessions. The fan is also decently quiet.
Fun game lots of unique characters good curve , not a lot of honor in some of the game modes
What was the point of this game again?
easy & fun this game is for everyone and it came like new the price was great too you'll love this game
I should have read up more on this game prior to purchasing it, it's OK but not what I really enjoy playing...my bad!
Very happy to have this external cooler for my PS3. My PS3 is in frequent use in the evening after work for watching hulu. And used for video game use.
This game has not aged well.  This is a bad game and unplayable for all but the most nostalgic.
The main "killer" in this game for me is the bizarre controls! Why in the HELL would you make the arrow buttons move the character instead of the thumbsticks?!
pretty ice blue ds. price is crazy high. but I just love the color and case and game.
wii controls unresponsive game plays like s*** why cant people make games for the wii that work
This game is not all that impressive storyline wise.
It might be a good game but I may never know - it won't work with my system - Windows 7!!!
Great game if you like first person shooter...
The title says it all: crappy 2 dimensional gameplay, lack of purpose, too much repetition makes for a crappy game.We gave it away after 2 weeks.
Ehh.  This game was lame and 80% of the time you're backtracking.  The darkness 2 was MUCH better.
this was another one of those stupid games. hated it would not reccommend to anyone. It had no storyline. who wants to play a game with no storyline?>
Only gave two stars because the game looked great. Gameplay was awful.
Makes playing Emulators on my Galaxy S5 a dream! I hear there are issues getting standard andriod games to work but i bought purely for emulators.
One of the best games for driving. Fun to play online.
This game is ported from iOS with ever so slightly higher resolutions and textures. For the sake of the world do not buy this game.
The action is good but the awful story made me wish I would have rented this game. Russians should be offended by it and demand an apology. Get Uncharted 2 instead.
This game is good forbplaying friends but it's a okay game too many campers doesn't feel a game for me.
what can i say...o wait that right i can say this game is garbage. bought it only for single player to finish the story now im done with this garbage of a game and franchise.
Just like all Bethedsa games crashes and bugs everywhere the company sucks
Walmart has this game for $5.00 and also they have FIFA 08 for PS3 for $5.00 to not a bad deal.
I would enjoy this game a lot more if they didn't force me to watch every single LONG a** cut-scene.
My mom absolutely loves this game, its one of the few she can still play. I am just glad people still sell these old classics.
Uploaded it to my PC and it crashed it. Put it on my laptop and had to restore from factory settings......Love the game but cant play it.
The game itself ran and was fun but it had multiple unexpected crashes. Make sure you rent this game before playing it. However, it was a great deal.
I'm a fan of open world games so I really liked this one.  GTA V, Far Cry 3, and Borderlands 2 are my favorites for this genre.
I hate Steam.  Don't support them.  You buy a PC game nowadays and you have to have a Steam account in order to install the thing.  It's an annoyance.
I've been dying to get a copy of this game since I was a kid. Game came to me in great and playable condition.
The delivery was fast and I like the game
Linear, boring. I can run past a group of enemies without dying. No stealth necessary. Easy even on realistic mode. This game sucks!
My review for Omega Ruby is the same for Alpha Sapphire. They fixed all the issues I had with Pokemon X/Y and they delivered a great remake on a classic Pokemon game.
game arrived scratched tried playing it was too hard and too complicated then it stopped working
Another nice choice to fight games. Enjoy it a lot.
I can't believe how terrible this game is! It only took maybe an hour to beat the story! There are many more things to complain about but I'm not going to waste my time.
I bought this game thinking it would be fun to be able to use more modern stuff, but the idea that swordsmen can attack helicopters is ridiculous.
This game sucks and it is boring. 5 stars my as*
its a decent game, but there are better games
AC:R was a great game.  I liked it better than Brotherhood.  Revelations played fine on a Windows 8.1 OS, and I used a Windows 360 Xbox Controller for game play.
X/Y were pretty fantastic games and definitely jump started the push to where everything is now with S/M.
An absolute must have for anyone that likes to clean and collect retro games!
I feel compelled to troll a game emblematic of everything wrong with our society.
This game is okay... It was fun at first but all the button mashing got old fast. If your a fan of Conan get it if your not don't waste your money.
The page shows false advertisement: It is NOT back compatible with Gamecube games! We had to return it, but the return process was smooth.
One of my favorite movies turned in the an overhead commanding game was brilliant that i couldn't stop playing it, the character and monster were realistic
Mine was suuper scratched and was cracked u. Holds my stuff kindof prpractically. Some stuff falls every so often (gba games)
Not sure I can pinpoint why but this game is boring. I don't like jumping through stupid hoops solving problems that can't be figured out without a walkthrough.
A great remake of my favorite pokemon game.
If this game was on PS4 i would give it 5 stars, but the fact that it is on xbone i give it 1.i am not a fanboy btw
This game is sooo boring and the same as HALO 1 and 2 .. i think this game si like DOOM with a new skin!
Arrived as described, no problems there.  The play on this Tony Hawk game is quite different from all the others.  I just couldn't get into it as much.  Ended up pawning it.
I hate Madden games on all the consoles except the Wii because the awesome controllers make it 5 billion times funner
Dumb game..."saves" too far in between.
Love this game, brings back childhood memories, would recommend!
Fun game. Bought this game for my 3 year old grandson and he laughs and enjoys it each time he plays it. Good buy .
It also doesn't like my computer. Probably won't buy another game without first finding a demo or borrowing it from someone. Too many game failures lately.
A meh game. Only a shadow of the past encounters
terrible game poor controls awful story bad script can't save process just everything is bad and poorly made is in this terrible abomination game
Will be a classic, great game and story
I don't really like this game, the graphics are good but its hard and not user friendly....maybe for a kid...but not for us old folks! lol
i didn't think it was very good. it looked bad, the story was boring. i ended up trading it in for some other game
I love this game. Its a cool idea about releasing mythological creatures from pandoras box. It also doesnt follow generic game ideas. Love it.
I bought this just to get NFL Sunday Ticket. I am very happy I did. What a deal to get to see all the games on Sunday.
Great game, came in mint condition, y'all can trust these guys, my cd is still working great today. Enjoy it!
Awesome Quality! Since its a clone and not an emulator, games play right away and flawlessly.I would totally buy again!
This game sucks compared to 2k13 the controls are so bad for shooting it feels sloppy waste of money
Worse PS3 cod game ever! I say, do not buy this! Buy it for either the PS4 or Xbox one!
If you want to grind for hours, this is your game.  If you expect things like story and great graphics, find another game.
This game is nothing compared to CoD, very behind the curve on graphics and action. Anything with the Valve name on it, I am skeptical like Team Fortress, suffers from the same issues.
I got this as a Christmas present for my nephew. He loves this game and easy enough for him to learn how to play the game.
Description made it sound like full game but this is just a starter dlc pack.
My son loves it and recommend this game to everyone.
Great amiibo, good detail, and functionality for the games. Look forward to what functionality is added for future Fire Emblem games with it.
Awesome cool coolest video game in the whole wide world.
We ordered that game to try it out on the Nintendo, and the kids liked it.
Don't bother with this game if you get angry easily. Returned the game, got a refund, never playing it again - was gonna put my controller through my TV about 5 hours in.
Love this game it's been awhile since I last played it. Thank you!
Amazing this game really surprised me action packed best action game on new generation console yet I give it 5 stars.
this game holds your atention very well. you can play for hours and something else is always happening. i like how you can drive cars, buggys, dirtbikes, and atvs
Now after all the updates have came out, now the game is way better than when it first came out.
The golfing gameplay is very good.  Don't let the cartoony characters fool you.
This game is beyond fun I would play this game for month  and it is better then fallout 3
Control is just stylis swipes on the gamepad.. dissapointed.
Bought this used so my son could play with friends during the baseball post-season. He really liked the game and I really liked the used price.
Never played till I got a ps4. Very good campaign game.
i was over joyed when i received the game. It worked on the first try and has worked ever since. i would reccomend this seller to anybody
Could not get the game to run right.
Not much to say, I'm sorry. I just did not find it fun. Played for about 2 hours... its just "more of the same" compared to other older games.
Enjoyed this game. Spent many hours working on it. I look forward to playing games similar to this one in the future.
can't get past the 1st stage whenever i play this game i tend to fall asleep
This is a great learning game & it keeps you  guessing.
Lot of work to just start the game.
If you like clicking banners and advertisements off your screen you will love this game, cause thats all it is, clicking annoying flying/popping graphics off your screen.
I am very glad what have done with this game. Back to what it was in previous years... Excellent in all aspects!
Wow did this game crash and burn or what.  It was awesome in the beginning then came the glitches, hackers, patches that made things worse and the list goes on and on.
Very boring game , I hate games with lengthy talking and not much action.
Aksys decided to be lazy and not produce an English dub for the game despite all other games before it having one. Localization quality dropped as well. They don't care anymore.
because there was no controller and no games and they were advertised.
I buy all the find it games. They are so much fun. The Lottery Ticket was great! The Wizards Pen wasn't fun at all. Its for kids. Very boring for adults..
Beautiful picture and fascinating story and great detailed makes it a great  Tomb Raider game!
terrible, terrible, terrible game. the combos are impossible and there isn't even a story/tutorial.  i can see why this person sold it.
the kids love this game, happy kids=happy Mom
This game is awful, and it is an obvious cash grab.
The Cartridge came in good condition and the game works great :)
Really fun game. Its like dead island but with added parkour and weapons
this is incredibly boring game and not at all remastered it sucked.
This game is way too hard, its not for casual gamers. They should've made it easier for everybody to enjoy
i love this game case is perfect for games i have five game cases of the same there great and it got here fast thats what i like i give it five start thank you.
Great game. Excellent!!!!! It was all i expect from this game really great and excellet graphics. Just great. All perfect.
star fox assault is a awesome game a classic the best of the best buy this game if your a star fox fan or fan of the gamecube you won't be sorry
Sadly the servers are closed now, what a great game!
My favorite series. The games is huge, the characters are lovable and there is a ton of stuff to do and to keep you interested.
MS is desperate buy giving this game away for free. It still isn't selling as well as the ps4. Nice try MS
I can not get this game to work on any PC with any operating system, to work at all!! Nothing I do fixes it!!
Its just not what I expected. There are no native americans, just wizards and demons.Why would anyone ever play this? Must have nothing better than play a game with crappy gameplay :(
this game is very hard to find since they don't make PS2 games anymore. my son could not get over me being able to find it. it is one of his favorite games of all time.
the gameplay is garbage, the story is just a genaric indianna johnes ripoff, and the puzzles make no sense.
Awesome game...Comes with tie.. tieclip...And the statue is so cool
Good game. Great writing as to rockstar standards.
It's my son's game, it played it to death.
Love this game it's so much closers to the arcade then that awful snes avengers game and it's really fun to play and I really like the music
This is a very good game, full with action and puzzles. It's a mix between Resident evil and Devil May Cry. A MUST HAVE.
best looking console car game so far from what I notice and enjoying how it plays.
They're cranking these games out so quickly that there are too many glitches and bugs. It's so frustrating trying to play through the game. Hub design and camera tracking are poor too.
Kickass game, that came in a great condition!
i love donkey kong games but this one is BAD. why? because, the controls are horrible, it doesnt feel like im playing a game, and its just not that great.
The combat system of this game is painfully slow. Populating excel spreadsheets for IRS tax audits is more exciting. Not at all worth $[...].
This game was lame.  D2 was so much better.
new legends was just a bad game eveything about this game is horrible lets just list the pros/cons(PROS)the game was cheap(CONS)bad voice actinghorrible story plotbad martial arts fighting
The old Atari games are a poor knockoff of the classic games. mega mania is down right poor.
I played quite a lot of Final Fantasy XIV and wanted to explore more of the final fantasy universe so I bought this. Very enjoyable and fun game.
No arcade more is inexcusable. How it is possible to not include this for solo players is beyond comprehension. This has been in every game in this series as far as I can remember.
I downloaded this and promptly removed it. I thought that it would be like the other jewel quest games, but not by a long shot.
We needed to get this so my son could play the 2 player games on Disney Infinity. It appears to be pretty sturdy and perfect for little hands as well as adults.
I am a grown man, and I found myself staying up late to play this game after my kids went to bed.  Very well done kids game.  Hours and hours of enjoyment for our family.
There was nothing new about this game and it was a big disappointment.  I have similiar games that were more fun and far more entertaining.
This is the best Mech Strategy game, until now no game can challenge this awesome game. Am still waiting the new series for Mech Commander..
Bored, without surprise, very linear. This one far from being a game of survival and horror. I did not like it
How can a game with a 5 hour single player campaign have so many bugs that force you to restart the game at a previous checkpoint?  If you prefer single player to multi-player, save your money.
Do not buy this game does not work with windows vista. Some times window XP games will play on vista but not this game. Live and learn!
Two of our teenagers tried this game, and both hated the controls. It's the first game I've seen them quickly toss aside in frustration.
My son 100% loves this game! It keeps him entertained for hours on end.
too much wasted walk around without actionannoying in that without such game BS would be a good gamealso blind find direction of progress===just wander ubtil find right pathway
Maybe one day this game can grow up to be a real RTS for PC instead of being ridiculously restricted to a platform.
I have Assassians Creed II for PS3. so I thought this would be a cool game for PSP. Not what I thought it was. Didnt like it very much. Just sitting in my game bin
Not so much in game play.  Very boring and glitchy game.  I wouldn't really recommend it to anyone unless you get it for free.
The controls suck. period. makes you not want to play the game. the character moves like he has arthritis. And im mad because it looked like a really interesting story.
Love the anime and I love the game, chopped full of action and some pretty awesome female characters
game is too hard and too complicated seems like evey thing on ps3 is too hard and not fun video games are supposed to be about fun not difficulty
This is the best terminator game i've played.
Seriously can not put it down. Very simple concept but is very challeging. I would recommend this game to anyone.
Son likes these to play with infinity game that he has, its good to have different characters.
The graphics in this game is superb. I know I am late to the party but still enjoying it.
game won't work even with steam and microsoft game thing.
This game is no longer online as of 30 Nov 2011.  If you purchase this product you will NOT be able to play it on NCSoft's Servers.  Check their website for details.Caveat Emptor.
I already own all of them. So why would i buy it again? geez release new games and not the same crap
Virus in download.  Uninstalled game and returned to Amazon.
If this game were not provided with the high quality graphics...it would be no better than a free to play game on a cell phone...not kidding at all...it is SO PLAIN!!!!
A good game , many twists and turns. My daughter loved it!
This is NOT a full game, to finish the game, you have to buy a DLC.Shady tactic by CRAPcom to force people to pay more.
the game didn't work but seller did give a full refund.
Bought this game for my boyfriend and he hated it. He said it was too slow and very boring. No action.
This game was MUCH BETTER than the Phantom of Venice.  A lot of fun puzzles and figuring out the mystery.  I have all the Nancy Drew games and this one is one of the best!
Super fun! For all types of gamers! If you play the new mario games, this is a good look at what started everything.
Got this for my little sister and she just loves this game on the Xbox 360. I would recommend this game to a little sibling.
you like games take my word for it all of sony is junk.buy a x box or gamecube
Mechanically terrible, the defending is now completely broken. Sound track is worse than 14. I love this game and hate it at the same time. I wish PES had more fifa rights
I love the game the co-op is fun I play with my brother all the time. Grove street is in gta 5.
This game doesn't have all the moves like the previous editions. It is ok at best. hence the ratings. SVR is better
If you are a little bug attracted by shiny images, you will enjoy this game. Doesn't require a brain to play! It's a waste of money.
The curser didn't ever show up, so I could not play this game.
Awful... Was really hoping for a good bike game but very disappointed I'd give it a zero if I could
This is a fun game. You get a decent amount of tables with it, with options to download other sets via PSN.I played it for hours and will continue to do so.
It was written as a means of testing your computers ability to play high res games at their highest settings.  Its also an incredibly bad game overall to play.
Gave this game as a gift it is loved
Arrived much earlier than expected, and with no surface damage. I look forward to trying out the game.
Great game to play and a good story line! and on top of that it funner to play on multilayer.
This game is awful and you can't even upload it to steam. Please do not buy this. Your wasting your time and money!
There is a reason why we don't play these games anymore.
I thought I would like it but was mistaken. The story is paper thin and the game is too easy. I found it to be a boring game which I sold soon after completing.
This game is very addictive and is good for casual or simi hardcore play. Graphics are good animation is fun. I would suggest anyone who likes this type of game buy this.
Bought this Black Friday of 2012. Never opened it. Decided to flip on ebay for a profit, lol. I'm sure it was a good game
Thank you so much. Playing this game has brought back so many childhood memories. :)
Bought this as a gift, and I was told that it is the best game that he has ever played! He just loves it!
This game is fake, none of this stuff could possibly happen in real life. So why is it in the game?1/5
Graphics were poor and gameplay wasn't even good.  Not my favorite.
I couldn't get into this game. The peak of the series was the Gamecube edition. This just seems like a copy and paste job by Nintendo.
this game is so musch fun but bloddy and has planty of horror to it if you like fear then you will like this one
Not nearly as fun as a LEGO game.
Does not hold 28 games! it only holds 22!  Games fit but loosely. Not happy this is a .99 cent box.
Best game I ever bought for ps4. I love digimon!!
EA... Just shut down your industry and save us a lot of trouble of buying your games. This, and a lot of your other games have SUCKED.
Neither of the 2 keycodes supplied worked to install this game, tech support could not help, I'm out $30
i kept hearing how fun FF games areso i bought this, and wowFF, not only overrated but extremely boringnever playing any FF games ever again
First copy was a german copy sent by mistake . i had a heck of a time installing it. i got the American copy the next day . so far its a fun game.
Do not get this GOTY edition. Old standard edition is so much cheaper, used copy is about $15. Why spend $50 on an old game that simply has some DLC? Crazy!
Cool game. its like GTAIV except the little version of it lol. its a good game and fun to play.
I got this game for free and played it and played it.  Addicting but a lot of fun, and even when you finish it you can play it over and over.
It's a great game with a very nice story! Nice online multiplayer and very nice graphics and sound! I really suggest this game
it cost me everything I had on my hard drive plus now I have to replace my 360 system I wish I never bought it, it ruined my entire day and my game system
I love so Love this game so many sites to race it makes it exciting to race and give different places to go to will enjoy for along time
More than another shooter.  Lots of game choice of direction by the player.  Very well done and deserving of all the good gamer reviews.
This is a very good game and a fine addition to my video game collection. I consider this game to be a classic for the PS2 and Xbox.
I didn't like it and don't see what all the fuss is/was over this game.
Great Game. I was more of a fan of Rocksteady producing the game with Arkham City. Overall a great game. A good addition to the series.
Amazing game! must have it on your wii u
great war game -great graphics etc - made for ages 17 and up no a kids game as with any war game
Sims has changed so much since I was a kid this game was boring and not a lot of fun at all
If you like playing match three games then you will enjoy this game. There are different levels and also goals to reach. Plus it keeps track of your scores so you can keep improving on them..
The game is great, the skins are cool, the weapons are bad ass and the added bonus of an actual good story line makes it even better It is practically a steal for the price.
Passing game is too tweaked for my liking. Running game needs work as usual. Also amazon I paid 70$ where is my deluxe version?
Trying to get in contact with seller but can't find the link. The game freezes and skips when I play it.
An amazing remake of the original game which is a blast. Graphics are crisp and upgraded using the Unreal 3 engine, this is an amazing competitive 3rd person shooter that I highly recommend.
I actually bought this game for my three years old son.he had fun and me to guiding him through it.
One of my grandson's favorite games of all times
I recently purchased this game because I got a good deal on it but it did not deliver, the single player is ok but online play is disappointing compared to other shooters.
such a horrible game worst game ever made do not buy i repeat do not buy
I had very hopes from this game as I really liked the XBOX version but It is not so good for PS3. The graphics and gameplay shall be improved a bit.
My daughter loves this game. It is better than the PC version.
My child does not really like the game like his others. he will play it. So just keep that in mind
great game that is available on --- THE Xbox LIVE Xbox Originals download list. Yes, you can download this for you XBOX 360!!Download it today!
Its great for history buffs. But you only play a few battles on each side. Not even the really important battles. Who ever developed this game could have done so much better.
Perfect condition, works great, even my 4 yr old and 7 yr old love playing this game, its a big hit!
eh, its more like a cartoon movie and the game play is lame
i think the game is awesome it really packs a punch in entertainment and id say its worth the money i spent
This was a great game for the price.  A great assortment of weapons from the days of the USSR.  It was not long enough.  Needed more missions.
Nothing like "The Last of us" this game is more boring. I hope Activision makes another the last of us instead of focusing on call of duty
this is a great handheld. a good compact system. buy this for 250 dollars its worth it.dont drop it. great system with great games and free wifi! GREAT SYSTEM!
It a ok game if you don't care about the controls and the voice acting
Boring, dumb and very stupid all rolled up into one Lousy game''.
This game is very boring I don't like it
Worst camera you can imagine, it works well with PS Move, but as a camera per se... its awful. Get it only for Move games were its not recording images.
This game is a blast to play! My favorite track to play so far is the Ghostbuster's theme song
Terrible boring game.  Don't spend more than $5 on this garbage.
This game is amazing in every way, its way better than part 2 and 3. I am not big on multi-player so i am strictly referring to the campaign.
poor quality rpg all around. graphics suck, control sucks, the attacks suck, gameplay sucks. is not worth the cost for this game
The game is awesome I like good games get remastered I hope they do that more with other games so yea
it wasn't what i expected. it was a cd not a game. i would not tell any one about this cd.
Horrible game no complaints as far as the transaction and everything just a horrible game game play is poor controls don't make sense worst shooter I have played
Played this game a lot with my nephew on the Wii and we both love it but I am sure the next one will be even better,  Donkey Kong Tropical Freeze!!!
A good game.  Some of the Training Areas are very difficult to get through though.  Challenging for sure.
Really what can I say it's a memory card with not that many megabytes but for it's price and if you are not saving too many games its a good value
I should've read the reviews. Before I bought this. Buyer beware- if the game you love to play relies heavily on the shoulder buttons? Skip this one.
I got this game at Walmart and I wish I never got get. It's a awful game. The graphics are awful too.
I really wanted to love this game, but handling felt yuk, fast cars didn't feel so fast as TDU1, and the bugs...now, perhaps in 6 months this game gets really good...
the game is not fair enemys don't die  when shot and shoot without reloading
This game is not good it's for dorks that like war craft games so lame
Near perfection. This is one of the best games I've ever played. I wasn't expecting to be so competitive online, right off the bat.
Should have made Star Fox Adventures HD Remastered instead of this garbage. This game is simply not worth the price tag in this day and age. It is the equivalent of an Indie game.
The core game design is repetitive. The visuals are lacking lots of browns and dull colors. The cut-scenes are nice but that's about it .
I tried to get into this game but just could not do it.  I could not even bring myself to go through the entire first level.
This game was not as good as everyone made it out to be.  After playing this one I did not get any others of the series.
This is an awesome game collection but the game didn't work. Which I was not a happy camper. But the seller was prompt on their response which is good.
When you just want to play a simple fair game, this is it. It's slow paced, fun, and just classic.
The game is hot, the bat mobile is so awesome that.....to awesome.
Other that the crappy bachelors, it's a solid game. It fixed a ton of bugs from Harvest Moon DS, which was already a solid title.
i purchased this game because i am a fan of the Wario World games and sadly this is the only one that i will never play again.
This game wasn't good I wouldn't buy it again
Gorgeous collector's edition for a game that received  horribly unjustified criticism.
Great way to play games as a family.  Love the games that have a variety of activities to choose from; when we play as a family we can each choose our favorite
Wasn't too impressed with this platform type game, but that's not really the games fault. Just didn't keep my attention.
The game play is the same and the extra dungeons and features and different MP system makes it even better.
Is not the best game of the series but it is really good to play multiplayer.
Not much game here. Fighting was repetitive and the landscapes were bland. Game was boring after a couple hours. Not sure it was even worth $20.
Hey, let's make a game where you vaguely swing the Wii-mote and have no control over what your character does. Awesome.
Great for some games but I needed  more memory. Great price.
I have not been able to create monsters yet, but I do love this game Loved the original too but this one is supposed to work with DVD's to.
I bought this PlayStation I turn the PlayStation but it won't turn on.is being months with a dead playstation  the games are good  and control ok but my only problem is the PlayStation is damage
Just one of many good games on the psp
This game is not what you think. If you are looking for a Microsoft flight simulator experience than you will not find it here. if you get anything from this read this " BUYER BEWARE!!"
This game is for those that like hack and slash and strategy RPG games.  Good buy and good value for the three included games.  Good price too.
I bought this game based on the reviews and it was very enjoyable. I would recommend this to any racing fan.
This is just an authentication key.  You don't actually get the game on a DVD, just an installer that points you online to download the game client.What a complete waste of a wait.
This is a great game, but the fact that it is on Xbox one ruins it. If it was on ps4 i would give it 5 stars, but oh well
Disappointed in this game - I'm a big fan of the previous titles, but this one just didn't feel right to me...
Even I can play these games and I hae trouble using a mouse.  I even beat my son at golf. Great fun!
this game is so freaken addictive and fun i hope others play it too!!!
I purchased this game, to add to my Rune Factory Collection.  Honestly, I did not buy it, to play it.  I just brought it, to have in my collection.
A very futuristic game for its time. It plays just as great now as it did when it came out.
Started playing this at closed beta. Horrid game such a disappointment. The world is empty. Don't waste your time and money.
This game is very boring and repetitive. You are constantly in a bird's eye view, and that would be acceptable if the storyline was not the worst possible thing ever created.
fun game, too many glitches. Wayyyyy to many.
Yep this game is crap! Before buying it I tried it out on my buddy's Xbox One and sure enough I said nope not buying this crap! We need a game like Raw Vs Smackdown!
My family has a lot of fun playing this game. Tons of sports to choose from and they're all pretty fun!
Not a good game, EA should make a boxing game. They made good boxing games
Daughter wanted a rhythm game and thought that this would be a good choice and turned out to be correct. It's more about following the drum beat than the actual rhythm, but entertaining no less.
dont waste your money, this game is sooooooooo dull.... thats all i can say...
My kids absolutely love this game, they don't have to read too much they can just play it with no problem...
Still a great game  miss the endurance races, unless I haven't found them yet. Having to work for your rewards in the game is the only way to go.
Very boring game, compared to others I have downloaded.  It's a good thing it was free, because I would have been really upset paying for it.
Great game and fun way to learn guitar. Would like to see more songs added. Dave Mathews would be a bonus.
A simple, yet challenging game that has some catchy music.
For me, this is the best Resident Evil so far..., the story, the graphics and the gameplay are fantastic, i recommend this game !!!
This game is so boring, i thought it was going to be fun but then i realized its by EA
This is an ON-Line game. When I purchased it the write-up indicated that it coukld be played off-line. That is not true. I gave it to someone that likes playing on-line games.
I had to jump on this deal considering ***mart had it for same price but with only one game. Who wouldn't get this?
Addictive... but then repetitive, still a good game though!
Love this game! Great addition to the DOA series! A very fast paced fighting game! Came in great condition too!
Great game I have jr for the playstation and loved it for that and now that I have it for the xbox I like it just as much.
Fun game that both of my boys enjoyed playing on their PS3. They actually had several of the Sly Cooper games over the years and played each of them all the way through.
I only gives us a better view because they did not specify that only a child well toddler would really love this game I'm 23
I use these to lengthen my old game cube controller cords while using them on smash bros Wii u. With one extension there was no noticable input lag during play while using a nintendo gamecube adapter.
I LOVE this game! My favorite Dreamcast game!
this game was insanely hard i couldn't even beat the first level. its the only game i own that i havn't beaton
only thing good about this game is the graphics. the story, game play, it's repetitive nature and horrible voice acting made me use the game disc as a frisbee.
The game has only about three challenges before it ends. I finished in about 15 minutes. I would be angry if I hadn't gotten it for free.
Would not work on my system with Windows 8.1 64 bit and the Windows games live would not activate.
This is the worst generic GTA ever made. The controls suck and graphics are terrible. This is a waste of money game. PS2 version is alot better LA edition.
it goes crazy when you change from a game to another.
the paper mario sticker star video game for the 3ds is the greatest video game in the universe a true classic the best of the best the paper mario sticker star video game for the 3ds rocks ^_^
Short and Sweet! This is by far the best game ever made, if you don't have either halo 1 or 2 get halo 1 because its cheaper and alot more fun!
im an old school gamer, i played the first one and was very excited about this one but its a huge let down. Bad all around. Dont invest the 40$ in this.
If you love action this game is for you.
Very short game. Definitely not worth of the money spent. Wouldn't recommend it for anyone
ever sence i got this game my grandson and i play it aleast once a day and excited when we reach another level of the game
Lots of problems getting the game to work half way through. Could not finish.
Great puzzle game, and especially fun with playing as a duo! Those with motion sickness might want to watch out...It's even better with a PS Move, if you can still find one!
i played the HM on snes GREAT i played the harvest moon on gamecaube and now this.....its not as good as either imo don't waste your time
The game has potential but it alot of bugs and too repetitive, combat kinda sucks with bad camera angle. Not mentioning ridiculous race car, better rent this game first before you buy.
Excellent game! The action is a bit more frantic that the original Plants vs. Zombies but overall it is a wonderfully made game with high production values. Wholeheartedly recommend.
This is an awesome platformer with my favorite game character. Great set of moves, interesting enemies, and entertaining levels. If you have a N64 you should pick this up for sure.
Great game always was a solid gear fan!!!
dead game, online only and nobodys online...... ever  .... shouldnt be sold anymore , anyone selling it is a thief.
Sonics arms are not blue!!! Dont buy this game or any sonic boom merch until SEGA changes Sonics arms back to his original tan color. Grrrr!
Can't believe this from fast and furious its lame! Car handling sucks, graphics are disappointing! This has to be the worst game of the year!
Another game written for consoles and very hastily "Ported" to run on PC. Slow, clunky UI, no decent graphics options and really awkward game play. I wish I had saved my money.
The PC Version is the way to go for this game, the controls are much easier to use and the screen is easier to view.
This game was a major snooze-fest for me.  No idea why it's so highly regarded.
I bought this late as the PS3 games come down in price but still have great quality. The story here is excellent and the gameplay is tight and responsive.
Hello.excellent game, I recommend it! the graphics are very good!is very easy to play! that says my son!amazon thank you very much!
I hate this game, I hate this game. I hate this game. Where is master chief? Where is the split screen mode????  The new guy annoys me.
It is set up to use the Z button (on the nunchuk) for the trigger. Good idea except most games don't use Z for a trigger, they use B!
I like the Sony case, but it's smaller, and more expensive.  Save the money, and buy this Nyko case.  Considering the dearth of Vita games, one might be enough.
the figures would not work with the game. The game kept stalling. Other figures worked fine
perfect for what I needed. keeps us all charged up so I can enjoy the grandkids in group games. Thanks
Ridiculously expensive. Apart from the fact it's  incredibly overrated by sega fanboy..600-1000 $ are you kidding?  A game is not worth that much.
It a ok game if you don't care about the controls and the voice acting
Bought this game for my son. He says it is a great game with some challenge but not impossible to make it to the next check point.
3 great games in 1. Fun game, little difficult but you get the hang of it with time and patience.
very good game if you like dynasty warriors. but i am kinda mad that they don't use original voices.
My kids enjoy playing this game and they also have it on their wii. Its a very good game and your kids will love it too. Its MARIO.
I bought this game for my daughters they won a PS3 and now want to buy many games. I bought the ones that are on offer.
My son loves it. But I find it difficult to play. So not impressed. The wii nascar game is easier.
I got this game on release day. 10/10 in every field. Probably the best game on the PS4 :)
I played most all driving video game -new and old and this has got to be the worst one I have ever played. Don't wast your money on this game.
My teen daughter loves this game. She still uses it over a year later. Would recommend this for any preteen or teen. Thanks
I got both I am over pissed they are pretty much the complete same thing when they are advertised as different games
an awesome game that u must buy it for every RPG fans
Ok game. Never played the Hitman games much, but this one looked awesome. In the end I didn't play past the first level and sold it. Oh well.
Great game, but did not arrive as promised... Amazon came through for me tho..
How can you not love a great game system?
It was much more entertaining during its first days of release and even then it wash't a great game. It was a nice different approach and pretty easy to play but its effect is short lived
Not as polished as the LEGO Batman 3, but still a great game.
Best side-scrolling platform game I've ever played, really takes all that is great from DuckTales, Castlevania, MarioBros, and what you get is pure excellence.
It did not work, sorry it took so long to write a review or say anything, my mom died and I have been grieving for a few months. I really wanted to play this game.
This game gets boring after an hour or two.  The interface is a bit confusing at the beginning.
I do not like this game because its hard depressing and not fun. As wario you look for lost treasure beat bad guys so on. Bosses super hard THIS GAME IS FRUSTRATING!
music store is no longer an option from this game tho
a map for mult-players only.did not realize that when i purchased it....another waste of money.downloading games at your ow risk.
Yet another game that has Achievements on the XBox 360, but they failed to bring Trophies to the PS3.Great game, don't expect to up your Level with it.
This is one great game, end was a bit disappointing... but the story is great! and that for me is the key
microsoft is paying all the agencies and website group to give the high rating to their game. Worst story line,
this game cheats just like real pinball the ball always goes down the middle or the side do not buy
Will not work in vista mode. My fault. Should of read specks on game. Looked like a good playing game
Great game, wish there was more like it.  Multiplayer without the system-link ripoff.  What a concept.
Very awesome game! I got it in near mint condition! I was the happiest person on the face of the earth the moment I opened my pakage to find this game!
Great gameplay, interesting story, well developed characters, lots of funny parts and adult humor and language, and really amazing audio! What more do you need from a handheld?
this game came out in my freshman year of highschool, we made fun of it at lunch and still haaaahaa!
Multilingual game, it has spanish... Excellent product n seller A+++
they need to fix the frame rate its struggling to maintain 30fps for a free roam zombie game come on
I bought both games for Xbox one and PS4 at Gamestop. Xbox one version lags more than the PS4. So you are better off picking this up on PS4
This is the memory card you want to purchase when your going to get a PS VITA and buy a lot of games! 10/10
Love 5 he game and got what I was expecting.  Best thing is it got here sooner than it was made to appear it was going to.
I had this for PS2 and loved it on that so what is not love on here. I love this game.
Same game as standard eddition, not worth the extra money when only bonus item is a statue. :(
This is just one of those games any Road Rash fan should have.
Is a game I may have to get into myself (and I don't play XBox anymore)!
Played it maybe 5-6 times, didn't care for it because they changed too much from the previous versions of this game that I had. Guess I'm old school when it comes to gaming.
Too much crap to get through before you get to do any gaming. A boring game.
This is a great game, holds your interest and has many different puzzles to work out.  Very enjoyable. The game is artfully shown with great skill.
This game is no where near like call of duty or medal of honor. I would not recomened if you are looking for a game like call of duty.
Fun game, no scratches or problems in delivering.
Bought it as a Christmas present for my cousin, funny game, it came protected and came with a manual to know the movements of each character.
the resident evil zero video game for the nintendo gamecube is the greatest video game in the universe a true classic the best of the best the resident evil zero video game for the nintendo gamecube rocks ^_^
It's very entertaining.  The missions are pretty cool.  This is a huge game.  The online component makes it a blast!
this was a fun game. top 5 for my favorites. good storyline and good battle system, the weopon system was awesome. All around good game
to much loading on games but it's ok for a sega system
i for some reason don't like the game. it just feels like it takes longer to do things and some are difficult without help.
What a great game!  It's pretty much the same as the original, but the graphics are definitely improved.
Its supposed to be a poker game at its heart but way too much focus on the banter. Takes too long Good for $5 and 50 minutes. between turns. Also pretty easy.
I'm sure I would have liked this game but it keeps getting stuck and couldn't continue.
My at the time 6 year old son loved it and played in frequently.  One of his favorite movies and now game.
No replay value and a boring subpar game to start with.  Traded it right back in for another game.  Waste of money.
Just another lego game. Also, another example of DC trying to play catch up to Marvel.
It is mindless driving to say the least. It has no focus and I think the concept of this game is stupid.  I downloaded it and deleted it.
I love all Harvest Moon games so I knew this one would be great.  I don't like having to write long reviews.
One of the best games of all time.
I was hoping this was a racing game, but it's an adventure game, so I am not very happy with it at this time.
Nice gameplay as always this game is the best
Couldn't get into this game like I thought I would. Very repetitive.
I have to say my only knock against the game is a single story line instead of the player vs player element. Especially for $60 is a bit much.
very pleased with game works great i enjoy playing the game thankful with nice service and pleased purchase, thank you
This game got boring within 20 minutes of playing it. Mario is starting to grow stale unfortunately. Could have been better.
I love this game / software oh and my kids love it too!
It ended up crashing my game and thank goodness I saved it before I did anything so I was able to restore my game.
This little guy looks great. I don't have the game required to use him, but hopefully they will add support for him in a future release. Mario Maker perhaps?
im an idiot the game sucked.. wish I never bought this.. may sell it on ebay for cheap.. just so I don't have to look at how I made a stupid mistake.
This games just not what I was expecting it to be, it's not my kind of game at all. Can't Recommend it.
It's just like the show. The graphics are good for Gamecube standards, sure the game may look bad to some, but it's a really good game.
This game had too much jumping around and no real gaming in my opinion , i was expecting more but found it boring.
9.5 - 10 depending on weather killing orcs gets old to you or not. Best opening I've ever seen in a game . fantasticly addicting gameplay. Awesome graphics. Best game on new gen
Product arrived in great condition, my son is thrilled to have the addition of gamecube capabilities on his Wii.
the game isn't bad but its not good ether this is one of those games that makes the blue hog look bad.if you buy it remember the time it came from.
I really like this game, it is great.
Love this game, have had it for the PS4 for a while and recently got a One. We wanted to be able to play it with our friends on there too.
This make a difference on Rock Band first drum set by bringing the noise to a acceptable level and enjoy better the game.
i got it in about two days fun fun game all mario are good there are probably afew that are not but is not one of them
This gay is sooooo much freaking fun it's worth hours upon hours of gameplay
really poor game.  The story was semi-interesting for about 2 minutes... but it could NOT overcome the horrendously awful game play.
this is a great investment for PC gamers..
Best way to store games, it is solid plastic and good quality
I was very excited for this game but I should've learned my lesson with watch dogs. What a terrible money sucking game. I'm done with Ubisoft.
So here it is again another jeopardy game with no real difference in the looks of the characters and questions that are smilar to every other Jeopardy game needs work for sure
Super hit with the 12 yr old.  Classic mario game,  he loves it and I'm happy that he is quiet!
Made my head spin. Returned for a reduced credit towards a new game.
This game started out interesting but quickly became too demanding.
My kids LOVE this game. Too bad it's a double layer disc and my old dusty wii won't even play it for them.
Great game, disc not in top shape but worked great great for a used game.  Would do business again
I love the Ace Combat games but this one is very disappointing. Even on rookie the game is really difficult. The settings are difficult and their is no option for free flight.
fun game to play personaly i perfer M2 cause it has bit more of a story but m1 has more charactor customization the m2
it is horable 100% s*** its like ubisoft do's not give a s*** aboat one of its best game franches
We can control many super stars who have retired!! but the control and gameplay is not as good as FIFA 13 or FIFA 14
This game sucks, if I could get a refund or exchange, I would. The multiplayer is horrendously bad, disconnects rampant!
Good price but kind of a boring game. Does not grab my attention.
Uneven and does not fit. just like every other time I give a 3rd party product in games a chance, it's always crap.
I'm having fun playing this game which was on sale recently.  I never played the original so I had no expectations, and I'm finding the game play and campaign to be a blast!
one of the best games i've ever played!
It tool the seller 2 months to ship only to get a damn bootleg that broke after a few usages.. Do not order from sunshine007.. The game won't even save..
What can I say...it's a game and it works well. Great graphics and gameplay, but that's completely arguable depending on the year you're reading this.
Love this game. I put in over 1000+ hours and still finding new things all the time also now they let you use mods for this game and the content just keeps rolling in.
This game is very fun. I would recommend it to anyone. I hope they keep making the crisis series. Also for anyone looking for a great shooting game this game is your game
This could've been a lot better. This game is totally focused on multiplayer and is worth 30$.
This game is horrendous, get Ace Combat 6 instead for the same price and you will be a happy camper.
I played a bit of the original doom when i was younger, but I cant really call myself a doom fan.HOWEVER; this Doom is excellent! I love this game.
This is a must for any Fatal Frame fan if you can get a translated copy.Shame on Tecmo and Nintendo  for snubbing US and Europe out of this great game.
Not only plays game. It also plays music and movies, displays your photos and also can do basic web browsing. Great choice.
Can't wait to get this later. so i can play my games on it.
Incredible fun in game and great design quality. It even shipped two days early!
This is just another hack and slash game like god of war. I played it for a couple hours and quickly became bored with it.However, I'm not a big fan of hack and slash anyway.
Had trouble to install and actually play it. Cuz I kept signing in and it wouldn't do anything. Didn't even play the game.
This is an adult game you can truly have fun with!
This game is REALLY fantastic, I loved that, when I played that, it's more them I could imagine, I really advise everybody to buy this one and enjoy a lot.
Good filler time game - not quite as good as some of the others in the series, but still relatively respectable shooter and good, true to the series blood and gore
so amazing that it isn't not even believable I love this game with its amazing online
This game is fun and challenging! I love paying on hard, i like this better then the last game,all those weapon and specials just make the last game really easy and boaring.
For X box one a game that the kids wanted
NCAA 14 is the best NCAA todate, I have enjoyed many hours on this game. Highly recommended. A must buy.
A Very long time to install for only 30 minutes game time.
Garbage. The game is only about an hour long. The shortest first person shooter I've ever come across, Rising Sun blew this one out of the water. and it came out in '03.
This game has horrible story, graphics, and gameplay. Music and sound effects are extremely generic. From the first moment you play it is just poor looking constant gratuitous violence.
Love this, being able to watch/play my Vita games on my TV is a dream come true.  The console is very basic, but it does exactly what it needs to.
Wow the game is poor but the big problem in steam. It is required and its like a virus. It auto-loads when you boot up and sucks performance from you PC.
Max Payne is back with all the gritty, violent, pill poppin' detective noir goodness you'd expect. This is a great game and a lot of fun.
i heard this game was great but i didn't like it so a gifted it to a friend i knew he would of liked it
I love this game. It was as good as Ice Rose. I definitely recommend buying it. You won't be disappointed. Hope there will be a sequel.
Got the game and  I love it I have beaten The game several times And then several more times so you know I love the game
On hog ride. People has misplaced faces and they look like they took drugs. This game sucked. :) Sonic is better!!!
My grandson loves it and saved up for this game.  I find it disturbing but then again, I'm not a gamer.  It is what it is...and gets good reviews from the players.
Son says one of the absolute best games he has played for the PS4.
Fun game not too many shooters cater to the sniper crowd but this one does it very well and in graphic X-ray style.
Great game very deep for a portaible  title very much like the dirt series so if you enjoy that WRC4 is right up your alley
overrrrratedthis game looks like pee on the coveri won't play it no way
Best game i have ever played!!!! Must have!!!
great game. but it is hard, need to play the other games first to get a handle on how it's played.
I love the Transformers movies, but have been disappointed by the horrible video games.  This one is by far the best.  I lovei t... they did a great job.
The fast paced, easy to learn overkill encouraged action game is one of 360's best ever releases and worthy of great replay value.
incompatible with my singapore bought xbox console!Apparently there are several types of ntsc xbox version. The one sold in Singapore is ntsc-j, so I returned this game.
Fighters didn't even age even if 17 yrs past no story for new characters 4 hrs long story mode this game sucks!!!!!
its very repetitive just like gamespot said that this game is as much fun as dialing numbers on a telephone its not bad but very repetitive
Excellent Zelda game.  I really enjoyed playing it and it kept me entertained for many hours.  It never felt gimmicky and the story was good too.
The biggest disappointment here is that these games barely work. Glitches galore and the assassins start off so weak that it's a struggle to get past the tutorial stages.
My son wanted this game for a while after reading a bunch of good reviews for it online.  He seems happy with it, has enjoyed playing it quite a bit since receiving it for Christmas!
i like this game. it is fun to play and the the game was in very good shape. i wish it could be made for the 360 also.
I have a new Vista PC that is 2 weeks old, and this game just hangs during install.  I searched for 2 days for a fix with no luck.Had to return.
Excellent works well on AMD and intel systems. Very fun and good for causal game play.
It's a good game to share play time with child. The graphics are appealing for kids while challenging enough for adults. Adult could help child with conquests by assisting in game or by sharing strategies.
One Of the best rpgs Ive played very good story and turn based battle that never gets old wish the series would have continued but this is still a Golden game
Fun game,  statue is huge and great quality
Not like halo at all. This will never be considered halo in my eyes, this is a new type of game.
It's a good game but I couldn't get into it..
This is not a game is like a movie the best adventure game ever seen the all saga incredible......
It is a bad movie tie in game.  I was not impressed, the control was hard on the wii.  I wish I got this on another system
Beautiful graphics, interesting-ish story, and boring gameplay. I was hoping for something that played like Devil May Cry 1-4 not something like the new Castlevania Lords of Shadow.
This game i feel has been way overlooked and it was made extremely well! Get this game!!!
when Bethesda bothers to develop a game that doesn't freeze my system twice a day or more I will consider buying their products again.
frickin awesome. LOVE this gave and the whole series. You will too. this is one of my favorite game picks.
My son loves this game. he played it often. he and i would take turns in the levels to see would get highest score.
excellent product to have and enjoy as the kids cannot put the game system down. I encourage any parent to buy this game as it is a keeper.
This game is wonderful. One of the best games I have ever played. The graphics are a 10.
An awesome game..!  It keeps one spellbound the entire time..!!!
A solid entry in the Pokemon series that brings new elements to the gameplay. Great game!
Really enjoying the. One of the most epic games I ever played
it was not what i was expecting for game play but it got here in a prompt timely manner and it was a decent price so i cant complain to much
I quite enjoy Sims 3, it was a nice combination of a bunch of parts of the game. Thank you.
just as good as the first 2 atv games
I got this for my kids who love dragon ball everything.. they hated this game and we sold it disc replay. They said it was not fun at all and hard to control on the handheld.
Love the simple play of the game if you want to just sit around and relax.The new features in it are amazing and fun with so much you can do.I would recommend this game to anyone.
fun game.  The kids love it.  Interesting world and idea without blood and gore.
Great price for full subscription to so many games in EA's vault!
This game is basically Mech Warrior meet CoD.  The AI bots are horrible and are easy to kill, probably the reason why people that suck at CoD are giving it rave reviews.
Probably the best Monster Rancher game. I love them all though!
I loved how in this game you could go back in time when you made a mistake. The combat was so realistic I fell off my chair.
It was a little slow, but it was a decent game.
Son loves this game! He plays it all the time!
i thought this one was a hidden object game,it was cute but not my cup of tea,boring,boring,boring also for sale
loved the first two, couldn't finish the 3rd.  Like all great games that become popular, the industry ruined this one.
9 year old girl really likes this game.  I'm a gamer and don't really understand it, but it works for her.
Pretty funny video game, for this price really do the job.
had a scartch and ruin the game for me
i would give this game about 10 stars its that good better than halo and definetly the best in the series even if its modern combat its still amazing
Very slow. Didn't transfer data very quickly (i.e. loading a game from a disc).
Great game - not just skating, there are 'missions' and objectives, and no loading time when you go to different areas
TRASH. more of the same. if you want to have fun buy Titanfall2. it smashes this fool game into fairy dust.
This game just blows my mind. Awesome graphics, plenty of gore, top notch controls. You can't ask for anything more!
Way too much dialogue.  You don't get to start playing the game for real for the first 3 hours :)
Really grateful for this, I never thought I would find this game again. I am very pleased with its condition
The concept of rhe game is unreal and there is no image of the cockpit of the aircraft which for me is vital in a simulator
I am very happy with this game.  I was able to trade-in my Jewel Quest and other games.  Provides me with hours of amusement.
if you like games with a lot of action this game is the one i watched my grandson play this game and it looks so real the pictures, the quality, the sound the graphics all amazing.
... are both ridiculous. Seriously, two stars for naming your game "Warfighter" and then releasing it with that name. Almost as good as "Wardriving".
It very Good game worth every cent and I remember this game to every-one it very good game...a lot of fun
As I stated above, you will not believe this game. I played it for 5 hours sraight. Very bloody etc. Pick this up.
The game works and plays great! Scarface was a great movie now a great game! The town of Miami is a same in the game as on real life!
look this is not really a good game i orderd it and played it once and was done with it maybe cuz im not a die hard mortal kombat fan so maybe just one for the fans
game showed up way earlier than expected, works great, in good condition, it also functions on the Hyperkin Retron 3 on top of the sonic and knuckles cart and by itself
My son loved it, it is a great gift. Runs very fast and without any problems. I recommend. Good game
Game makes a horrible noise and screen freezes after only playing it maybe 10 times tops. Very disappointing. Love the game, hate this copy of it.
The idea of this game is fun, but it's surprisingly not very user friendly (at least that is my expirience). Might be fun for younger kids.
Oh boy oh boy I tried playing this game but just couldn't have fun wiht it.the combat is aweful and repetitive.levels are dull narrow and boring.the game was just way too repetitive for me to enjoy.
The games are great and fun to play. Really great buy. The item arrived quickly. Just like playing the old atari games.
Very fun and challenging for even a 32 year old gamer.  Great game to play with my two kids aged 8 and 5.  And for $40 it is a great value.
This was a game, not at all what I was looking for.  It was a good game but you had to do too many thing.
I enjoy this game, it is when NBA Live started using real life counterparts of the nba player. The feature of the gamje is wonderful.
i could not play this game  when i  download it.and the customer service was bad. i am sorry, i have to be honest.
Great game per my kids.  Fast shipping.
I loved playing AD&D with dice and character sheets, but this game is probably the single worst MMO I have ever played!
One of the best zombies games I ever played.  I was addicted.  I love you can explore all over!!  Fantastic.  This is definitely one of my up 3 games!!
Great condition and great controller. Feels well in hands and responds great during gameplay.
This game is amazing.  I have some friends that wanted me to play, and they have been helping me out.  Great fun with friends.
well I enjoy it when my mom had it so I thought I should go out and buy it. I really enjoy the game thanks
This is a terrible game.  The graphics are horrible as are the abilities.  Your better off sticking to the plane jane Wii Golf that comes with Wii Sports.
Very good game!!! Can't say enough about it. My 5 and 3 enjoy it.
I love flying this game,i have the Airbus fleet disk and its a great add on...
bought this game for 5 buck at my pawn shop n going sell it at Gamestop for store credit n hope get me enough stuff
This game is good especially if you buy it used don't believe all the negative reviews it's worth the $4 dollars I paid for it.
my son is a comic book collector and this is a great game to visualize all the characters you love.
My kids love it.  It requires a nunchuck attachment for the game and it is a single player game. The game is well worth the purchase!
Will keep this review and every other review of this game at 1 star until the bugs are fixed. I cannot complete the game, quests will not complete and cut-scenes will not activate.
I started playing, but soon quit as the visuals were rather primitive.  This game did not engage me at all.
Maybe because I never played the Souls games, but I found this game pointless and frustrating. Played for 2 days wanting to like it but it just didn't happen.
Survival mode is out as a free expansion to this game and adds value to buying it (zambies+guns= never ending fun)
My daughter absolutly loves this game.  We got it for her for x-mass and she still playes it even though we got her an i-tuch as well.
Horrible game, the beginning should have foretold the rest of it......let me get some smoke to make my keystrokes more forceful.
Love it.  What is not to love about Fallout?  Very similar to Fallout 3 yet you can tell the graphics are better and game play is improved.  I love Fallout and this does not disappoint.
Nice and cool game that makes you remember the classic Aria of Sorrow.
Loved the gameplay hated the tech issues. Framerate and ghosting is nasty made the game unplayable. How is a game released like this. Returned it the next day!
My 8yr old son absolutely loves this game... and so does my 6yr old daughter! ( even I got in on the fun!)
This game really bites the big one! Graphics low grade, multiplayer is below average.  Why even relate it to battlefield in the first place! What a waste of money!
Very addictive, good gameplay, with many difficulty settings, a must have for ps4.
While the game is very entertaining and fun, its short and the DLC for the 9 characters isn't valid people so keep that in mind when purchasing this edition of LBP3.
Not a great disney game. controls are messed.
This is a really great game. I  would recommend it to anyone with a wii who loves JRPGs. Shame it doesn't come with the artbook anymore.
Bring football back to the PC and remove NFL football game exclusivity from EA.
Mario sports games are generally fun (not always... I'm looking at you, Mario Sports Mix) and this is no exception.
After years of playing games Myst the first one I played was great.  It was fun to do them a second time.
I have been told that one is never too old to play Zelda games! I'm not a gamer myself, but my son says this is a fun game to play.
Bought this for my son who loves Pokemon. He love it! Added to his collection on Pokemon games.
I love this game I cannot get enough of the characters.
horrible "antique" game; hardly able to play
Worst games they could give for this system. MK8 is by far the worst in the series. Nintendo needs some fresh ideas.
If i had to describe this game in one word it would be AWESOME!!! its new n has everything GOOD JOB
Cheap, Peace of junk with terrible control of PS4 controller.Looks easy Platinum for some, for some game's terrible control will made You insane near the end.
I like sonic but I think they could have implimented the game better to fit the ps3
I love the sims, I have played since the first sims game came out. This made windows crash. I would not try it again.
this is literally one of those edge of your seat you never know whats gonna happen kind of games. thrill ride when you start the race, great game.
This game is not for kids. Lots of fun for adults, even if the humor is a bit cheesy. Great action and lots of replay value.
I think all the other Megaman games are better than this one
Terrible game, don't waste your money. I rather play street fighter.
Im a fan of the blade story. And this game does not do it justice.
It didn't work well but it is an amazing game.
Came in perfect condition. Live this game.
how can you shoot monsters in this game when they cheat and do not die after their hityou get hit once your aim is off and then the zombies keep hitting and your dead
This is a great party game, Its also fun to play with the family, my Nieces  plays it quite a bit when they are in town
It's i the game not something else and it came fast also the game was well protected and it wasn't damaged
Super Smash Bros is always fun. It is a game that you will keep playing for generations and never be bored with it. I still play Melee and it is so much fun
The game looks fine, but it doesn't work. I bought 6 games from this seller, 5 of which did not work.
I don't know how they do it, but they can make 50 Mario games and keep 'em all interesting.  Classic Mario gameplay with plenty of "New" stuff to be interesting.
My gosh we can not keep the kids away from this game and every time they play it they discover something new.  Highly recommended.
My son loves this game. I bought it for him for his birthday and he really loves playing it on his DS.
love the graphic and evrything but the story line is so lame. it was better when it was like an open world game, thats how naruto games should be like
really fun game, but I don't have anybody to play with. all my friends are into the "U"
You have to love this game. It has so much open world, and crafting let alone the creatures, and weapons. I've got lost in this game a few times, but totally love it
This game doesn't really work good on the Vita . So much issues. It freezes wlot . You better play it in another console.
I literally got this game for free and I'm still upset I wasted time playing it. The graphics are great, that's the only good thing about this game
I was expecting... Something different. Like Age of Emipres 3 or something. The graphics are pretty sweet and the gameplay is okay, but I got bored with it quickly.
Its a great game. Could be a little longer, with more guns and aliens, but still great. Buy it Today!!
Family kept the game around a month. They said it was hard to control and the game was not so great. We sold it to a game exchange in around a month.
these look nice and work, but there is enough lag at times that the game misses input completely.
Excellent racing game! Game is a step up from GT5
Love ItThe game is awsome just like the NES
did not work any games or system I have vista window 7
An original game and one of the best LOTR games I've played. Nemesis is very fun system that makes gameplay original for each player.
I just lost mine so i need a another one to replace that is all besides that the game is amazing
The game wasn't near as fun as the previews made is seem.  Played it for about an hour and never touched it again.
Not much fun. No real objective or point to the levels. Lots of options, almost too many for such as simple game.
It's razer and that says it all, qaulity, craftsmanship, precision... buy it you won't be disappointed, I also use it for FPS games it's not limited to just mmo
I have been cheated. It is a fraud. when opening the game ... there was not the disc.
turok evolution is the greatest video game in the universe a true classic the best of the best turok evolution rocks
Twisted Metal 1: goodTwisted Metal 2: greatTwisted Metal 3: goodTwisted Metal 4: badAs a fan of the series I couldn't stand this game for more than 10 minutes.
Great game....I had the 2 other hot shot games before on PS2 as well....fun game
A great upgrade from Eternal Duelist Soul, which was the last yugioh game I played before it.
I would rather watch grass grow...or paint dry...or a baseball game...or...well, you get the point.  Don't waste your money or time.
Lame. Nothing like the other Black ops games. Story mode is futuristic. and not worth playing mulitplayer.
Amazing game.  Great story, nothing less than what you would expect from the on going command and conquer series.
game bought by mistake. does not meet the requirements of my pc
although it is an old title, is an excellent game, has very good graphics and runs very smoothly on my nVidia 550ti at full resolution 1920x1080, I recomend it.
This game is great, plus I this came in perfect condition and in the agreed time. I recommend it.
Best combination of skyrim and assassins creed waiting for that sequel/prequel. Fun game slow at first but once you get the hang of it it's too easy suggest hard.
This is the "weirder" of Final Fantasies, close to 13 and 15.This is a great game if you didn't get the chance to play this on PS2 on release or PS3 AND on Vita.
The PC version of this game is far better than the PS2 and Xbox version.  Graphics are so much better, the sound does not skip and it is one the best games I have played.
I think the game is stupid and so does my husband and children, there is no point to the game. a real waste of money
This game is incredibly fun. The customization that is enabled for the players is incredible. You can literally do almost anything in the levels you create.A very playful game for the entire family to enjoy.
Everything you've heard good about this game is true.  An epic, engaging, challenging as you want it to be action game that should not be missed.
Until now it is the best race/car game for ps3. The physics are perfect! each car has it particular behavior.
Not my type of game. Gets boring after a while but shipping was fast.
The game came severely scratched but worked but was really glitchy and it said like new but it worked so can't complain
Love hydro thunder but the graphics are so horrid it makes the game unplayable.. I recommend the Sega Dreamcast or Nintendo 64 versions
Pro--Easiest COOP settings I have played on PS3Con--Not much to complain about. I just wished they have more interesting bosses.Comments:-Sign up for GOLDEN keys code for their awesome in game guns!
Great trilogy. Lots of playtime for your money and the games all look great remastered and running at 60FPS. Perfect pickup for those who want to play Uncharted 4.
It uses Origin and it makes the game incredibly hard to load up and actually play it, please buy it for consoles.
I finally opened this product and it is just a dvd and not the damn game.
What a cool game Warning this game could get addictive!!! lol Vita Users must have.
I played this game for HOURS!! Love this game!
BUY THIS GAME!!! I'm addicted but only to the online aspect. This is quitesential for online gamers. I your gonna buy online pack PS2, buy this game, NOW!!
This game is most definitely a waste of time and money. Dont buy!!
Great game but It won't launch on any of my computers it always crashes on startup and I've tried everything it says online.
it keep our family busy for hours and having lots of fun playing these games there worth it to have.
Just nothing like the original, and the voice acting is so mind-bogglingly, blood-boilingly cheesy and unlikable that I couldn't even get through more than 3/4 of the game. Ugh..
I was bored with this game after 15 minutes.  The bad guys weren't threatening in any way.  The controls just seemed off, was not the immersive experience I was looking for.
Not a good game and I can prove it.TyvanTV @ Youtube
Decent game.  You can't drive the boat, which I dislike.  Hooked or Hooked Again are much better bass fishing games.
game sucked and condition of the game was not as expected had more scratches then i was led to believe
Received item yesterday and installed today. It did not help me with my issue of having a problem getting the games to work. I still have to play with the cartridge to get them to work.
I was late to the 3ds party. But this game shouldn't have even came. I wouldn't go as far to sau that is not playable, but it's pretty close
Such a sick game. The puzzles remind me of zelda. The fighting is super sick. The design is super sick and I love greek mythology! Good buy!
First Pokemon game I ever played so far I'm enjoying it
So many bad Star-Wars games out there. This is the exception. Just play it. (Best to play the first one and then this one, you will be glad you did.)
There should be a very easy setting. The game is much too difficult for me which makes it unplayable.
came on time and in good shape. this is a used game it works fine and less cost than a new one.
This was one of the best combat games I have truly been entertained with next to Call Of Duty. Story line gets one to rethink wars. Worth the time and money
This was pretty good purchese, only bad thing is forzas essentials edition, but i ust traded that in and got the full game.
This was the worst game I think I have ever purchased. It wasn't even worth the $2.99 I paid for it. The graphics are terrible and there's no story at all.
Not crazy about this game, frustrating, controls don't work well, very touchy, try something else if you want to have fun
Won't let me play kinect games but the voice chat works great.
Just can't get into this game... if you like RPG you may like it... picked it up mutiple times and just can't get into it!
Game is very short and does not have a lot of boss fights. Does not give the same feel as sonic generations on console. The best thing about this game was playing through classic sonic stages.
Who couldn't love this game? Especially such an old game running so smoothly on Windows 7?  Its awesome.
Horrible, the puzzles do not make sense and... it just horrible. If the puzzle solutions made sense then i would have enjoyed it. But i'm selling this game asap.
Everything was in good shape when it arrived. It arrived in a timely manner. It completed my set of Star Wars games for the PSONE. It went well with my set.
Super fun, can't stop laughing long enough to complete the courses correctly. just a fun game.
I got this but did not like it traded it in anyway you might like it just go to gamefaq.com and read the reviews to help you know about the game more I hope this helps
Did not like the graphics at all.  Totally black could not tell what was going on, and how to proceed with the gameplay.
Got this for my grandson's, they love it, so does grandpa, fun game, not tooooo violent. It was a decent priced item too
Don't pay full price. Wait until it's about $20 or its the free game of the month via Xbox live.
Great game, incredible next gen graphics, disturbingly fun and epic finale to already fantastic franchise.
I enjoy this game more than farcry 4 or 3
I was hoping for more of a role-playing game akin to the table-top fantasy game this is based on.  Unfortunately, this is just another shooter.
Awesome game to play, came quick. I bought used but came in pretty good condition, with case and manual.
This game is simply not what I expected. I was looking for more interaction and not only a strategy game.
They NEED to fix the same issues with bugs that they had years ago with the first. Gameplay used to make up for it, but now it is just tiresome. My last AC game.
This is a great item to have.  Holds the Mic, the control is held in place by a clip that is provided for all game consoles.  I feel like a Rock Star. Love it...
Same as The first. but harder to get lower levels built so they make it harder. Good deal. So I got the easy and hard versions of the game.
It came brand new and everything but when I plugged it in it didn't even work in the game console
DMC, X-men, Megaman, Street Fighter, and a whole lot more of heroes and villains in just one arcade game!
The cover system (that has been attempted in other games but never very well) works great, the combat is fast paced and intense and the engine a joy to behold.
Can't play the game because I can never get online the way you need to. No help from EA to get you through thiscrap. I feel like I have been robbed.
It was a beautiful game but the play is really slow, I returned it.
Players are not different enough cause you only get Tiger.I dislike how putting is done.Too many arcade elements for a "sim" game.CPU AI is not worth playing against.
Item as described, on time delivery and item worked as expected, great accessories and a must have item for some games
It turned out not to be the same game I played on ps2
worked great, acheived my purpose, son loved the fact he could save his games and not have to restart the levels all over again.
Great game! I've had it for months now (since it came out), and I'm still playing it.
Good value and worth the price! This will keep you entertained for hours. Good set to add to my collection of games.
I love this damn console. The amount of time me and my dad spent on this thing, along with the amazing games available, far surpasses ANY current gen experience i've ever had.
Good game with exciting, intense action packed levels with a great challenge!
Great game. logged in 200+ hours on there.
My son ( 7 ) was so excited to get this game and the day he got it within hours he asked if he would be able to exchange it for something else.
the game is really bad and does not make any sense
This is a fun games I like Super Mario Brothers products. Would recommend this game and this accessory with it Wii Controller Grip 4 Pack. Thank You.
game was released without features that were promoted. I also experience multiple crashes. Even with an update, nothing like what was advertised.
This game is excellent. I was impressed with the graphics and overall it was an enjoyable experience. I would definitely buy this game again. It beats the pants off of free sim games like [...]
it won't allow me to get past the intro scene in the campaign... I was so excited for this game too.  Very unfortunate.
Really awesome, the game experience its better with the controller
my daughter ripped hers and half trying to put it on her game very cheaply made
Super fun game for the family!  Even my fiance plays with us, since the controls are simple.  And she doesn't like games!
Addicting and fun. Imagine Half-Life, but instead of guns and shooting you have a portal-creating device and many puzzles throughout the whole game. Lots of fun!
Well this was a big lie. They told everyone during the kickstarter that the game would be DRM free, then send you the game with a Steam key. I feel like a rube...
garbage!, a pretty boring game. only played for 15 minutes and thats it
did not like the name of this game, there wasn't even a wasteland 1.
Amazing new game and my new favorite. It looks good and its just wow! A must buy if you played the original Sapphire Ruby or Emerald it will be very Nostalgic.
Just as I remember it as a kid. It runs just as well on Windows 7 with a few tweaks to the games compatibility screen.
This game is great.  Big world.  Tons of content.  There's enough in this game to keep you busy for a long time.
I think this game is juvenile and boring. Maybe for kids it is good. But as long as you are an adult player, just stay away, and do not waste your money.
Great classic games back then I found it finally it on hereThanks AmazonI can find so much classic games hereI loved when in was kid still do to this day
got it for my collection. this is a action. first person shooter great storyline a must for fans of resident evil a classic game series
This game sucks just nuthing but stuck points n left not knowing what to do this crap is annoying im done with this game i wasted all my time for nuthing
This game is not what I expected. It is fun but has many cliches. I do not suggest buying this one new or without trying first. Ours will not load muliple players it freezes frequently.
u only get half the game. if you want more you must buy the dlcs. what happend to u bungie? u use to be cool!
its not THAT good,its just Xbox's little rescuer from becoming a dead system.(But it is still a very good game!)
Very easy, even for children.  No post game content.  Snooze fest all the way though especially if you played the originals.
If you like kombat on the go..grab this. Came fast and sealed brand new. Great game
Did not like it at all.  Very boring and a big waste of time and money.  Don't pay this game.
Great game came in on time and works great beat it I'm a few days haha.
for those who like the series is excellent, I really like the zombie mode gameplay and especially when you have all the DLC, very good
I got this game the day it came out. I'm guessing it's kids on here complaining about the graphics you little kids don't know nothing about real games like this one.
Our grandson wanted this game to play,he so very satisfiedwith it plays it all the time. Great game customers should buy.
Terrible 2 co-op campaign, the game as single player is acceptable although i thought it will be in HD but its not it looked like an expanded pixle game from the original
its ight not what i thought it was gone be..it works an no scratches but the game sucked..sorry but thats the truth
I really love this Pc game.  Now I can play it whenever I want to.I would recommend this product to everyone.
To me, this is one of those games that are addictive but boring. Quite ironic, I know....
The graphics are terrible. I dislike very much playing a game in purple and red! I might otherwise be a good game.
lame game, sorry guys, love the show, this gets old fast and is kinda tough to learn to move
this game is mostly based on cheap theatrics. the gameplay has not improved over the older games at all
4 games? when the DC library was over 300?this is a ripoff,  you can get these games off XBLA cheaper too.
It has a lot of fun features. You can basically control the world and you don't have to play Fallout 3 to understand it. It is a great game and the expansion packs are phenomenal.
my Boy loves it!Graphics are awesome... best looking game out!
I played about half way thru the game when a frame froze & I was unable to  correct the problem, therefore I could not really rate it properly.
Not what we expected at all. Thankfully, I didn't pay alot for this game.
The game is a shameless ploy to sell amiibo.
GREAT game and great gameplay! My xbox thanks me for this bought!
Great game for a horror movie fan. A+!
This game has incredible depth. It spent several nights trying to figure out the right strategy for the situation. I can't wait for an expansion pack to come out!!!
The game idea was good, but the running and loading lock up the computer or slows it to a crawl.
three games in one. and the price was cheap. it's idle fun. you're probably not gonna log it under masterpiece or anything. but it'll a fun multiplay with friends.
great game love final fantasy series fun combat storys a lil odd but still fun to play and a good price
Fits great and functional. My daughter loves the game so figured it would be great to get the faceplate also
Had to return it. As others reviewers have said, the descriptions were reversed (between Vol 1 & 2) and this did not have the games I wanted.
This game is coming to ps4, so i would wait. Plus it is horrible on xbox. I heard it runs great on PC and PS4.
this is one ugly , low graphic , boring game
second rate game. Didn't like anything about it.
This game is riding the coattails of Soul Calibur II. It's not as well designed or tactical, just more colorful, cracked out, and character overloaded. The women are great, though.
My husband didn't like this game very much, only played once.
I don't like anything about this game. Should've sticked to my 16.
this game is suposed to be e for everyone and its too dam difficult  its repetitive and not fun all the games on wii ps3 and xbox are too hard the ps2 is the only fun system out there
Shipped good, games good AND METALLICA ROCK ON!
You can't go wrong when buying Mario and Luigi games for your kids. They are great wholesome fun for the whole family.
there are not many good games out to use this for. save your money and buy something else. don't recommend
boring, very boring. has a story line,but not much else. its an old game, so the graphics are poor, but even so, could be better and a little more involved.
Everything in this game seems refined.  Unlike other games that try something new and fail miserably, Call of Duty has improved upon what has worked.
The game play is drastically slow and over plot burdened!
Bought this at $8 after tax and it was very well worth the price for a RTS lover like myself who got started on PC games because of Command & Conquer Generals and Red Alert 2.
Got it for my 7 year old son. Fun, Funny, Easy to control open world driving game. He has a blast driving around Springfield.
Graphics on this game is so bad, it beats the GTA 4 like PS2 graphics. Rent it first before you buy a copy.
Still need a lot more work on the game.
This was a great skylanders figure. Makes a great addition to my game and collection of skylanders. Very powerful attacks and is a series 2 so has extra powers over a series 1 figure.
Love the infinity games and so does my daughter! She has a blast with this game and so happy they have star wars ones now! Worth buying!!
My son against my wishes is taking interest in hunting. Bought him this but its only been used a couple times. Not interested in the game.
Bought this game, and it does not work. Game installed fine and computer exceeds system requirements, but it simply refuses to run: "error37".
This game is awesome I just got a ps3 for christmas and also bought this game for my ps3 . I would definitely recommend this game to all sonic fans.
This game is a very good game, It is very easy to play in this console. I am very happy
Much better then the Game Boy Advance, and better then the DS I think, and theres still alot of good games out for it, so my advice is to get it.
Why the hell did I buy this game?
I bought this game for my 13 year old. He loves it. It is both fun and challenging for him. I would highly recommend it to everyone.
If you enjoyed Chaos Theory, you'll find plenty to like in this game. It's true that it is superior to its 360 counterpart. Probably the last true Splinter Cell game.
The game is confusing at times and not as expected. It is the programming I guess :(, they haven't thought an upgrade or some sort of patches?
This game make the return of Donkey Kong. If you are a fan of this franchise, this game is for you.Plus, this game is fun.
Game will not load it always crashes at the menu screen idk why but it's the only game over ever had to do this.
just a shooting game, its not like a war game like medal of honor or tom clancy games.
Gorgeous graphics, and easy to play. I haven't played too much of it yet, but flying around as Toothless makes the game for me.
wat were they thinking when they made this game i would have more fun watching the clothes in a laundry machine go up and down
Great  game was delivered on time and works well
A lot of twist and turns and really good weapons. It is a good game to play with a friend.
Horrible cheesy game. Looks like it should be for 3 year olds,  but is complicated that only adults can play the game.
Beautiful graphics a little short but worth playing if your a gamer
This is a uncompleted mortal combat game and was made to milk consumers with its micro transactions in a full priced game.
I played it for maybe 15 minutes... which is unfair... but to be fair, it didn't catch my interest with the gameplay whatsoever.
I was bored with this game after 15 minutes.  The bad guys weren't threatening in any way.  The controls just seemed off, was not the immersive experience I was looking for.
16 yr loves this and so does this parent don't have to listen to all the noise from the game.
This is good. Glad i bought it. Get more platinum trophies. Not to mention games are fun( mostly play hyperdimension Neptunia games)
My kids love this game.  They play it all the time.
Havent played the game yet, but it said it came with the case and it did come with a case but it didn't come whit the official cover.
connection issues on multiplayer make it almost unplayable online. I can still play any other game online so I dunno what gives
Game is simply way to short for the price. What there is of it is well done and enjoyable, but you can finish this game is a half hour!
this is a great army men game and like all army men games it has great multiplayer and replay value don't listen to the other bed reviews BUY THIS GAME
Only 8 songs, not like a normal Guitar Hero game.  And of the 8 songs, I felt only one of them was any good.
Missing an entire disk rendering the game unplayable.
5 star, recommend for older boys a great game it was hard to find this game in our area I am glad Amazon had it
I like all silent hill game.but this one very bad game.
This game has deleted my saves, I saved MULTIPLE times yesterday and they're all gone. Done with it, going to look into returning it. It also has crashed 3 times.
2 games in one. Hard to find. Don't pay over $20. Might have to find used. Tough find. Fun games. My sister gives it 5 stars
The graphics are not very good and it is easy to finish. It does not have the roam around features of the better games.
If you are looking for a total dungeon crawl with random battles every ten seconds though endless dungeons that require mind-numbing repetition to finally work you way through, then this is the game for you!
This game is a lot of fun. My kids scratched it up a little and it wouldn't play. Bought a new one just because I love it so much. Tennis is my favorite.
Best bball game on Wii, way better than 2k series
I got this to play with one of my link games and found other games that I can use this with.
I bought this game for $10 in the clearance bin at a store yesterday, well there is a reason it is in a clearance bin for $10. It is JUNK! Enough said.
Awesome game. I basically bought the PS3 for this game and was not dissapointed. Graphics, tactics, story all great.
I never played this game, but all I know is that this game will be like Virtua Fighter 2 and that was awesome!
Um I purchased this game and now its suddenly not available for download anymore? How am I supposed to get it on new computers? Its not in my Origin Library anymore either!
A Bad game that appears to be a great one..
I wish there was a PS3 editon on Hd of this game, but the PS2 is really fun and if you love football, you need to get this one for your collection!
game!Nice to see a great Star Wars game for a change!Recommended!!
This game totally out rates the gta games. only one problem in the game is that it feels empty, would be better with more cities and towns i suppose
Good large case, holds all my games with lots of room.  Purchased a larger battery for my 3DS and it fits: http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B00SWINRLG
This game is the lamest game I think has ever been made, but it is still a great game none the less (;
I actually have a easier time with this game then bakugan battle brawlers I own this game i own all bakugan game on the ds system
I love scooby doo and collect all things scooby so im happy to add this game to my collection. Works great.
I really hate the clown rock star boss, it's impossible to beat even on easy. It was so annoying that I threw the game away. Nicely done Obsidian *rolls eyes*.
Join online games and immediately get kick banned for no reason.  This game sucks.  I regret buying it.
... how can such great studios release such junk? This is the last time I'm falling for pre-order gimmicks like $10 off & in game content. Worst purchase ever.
One of the best turn based games out there.
This is an awesome game, glad I bought it.
Many hours of fun and relaxing gameplay. Graphics were quite nice for the Wii version too. Highly recommend!
the game graphics are great, very nice looking game and the storyline is awesome as well, I have nothing to complain about.
Awesome rally really enjoy the game Especialy with the Thrustmaster Spider wheel
Very boring and no real plot to this game. Please don't waste your money on this game. There are better games out there.
El Presidente is here to assure you, this is my most generous prospect to you the gamers, this video game has exceeded our expectations in SOME areas by twenty five percent!
I'm honestly shocked that this game came AFTER Skyrim. It's just awful. Im high hopes for the next Elder Scrolls to come out.
this game kept freezing up the graphics were terrible and I can't comment on the game because I was unable to play it.
Factory sealed and brand new. Works great, and I haven't played a pokemon game since Red, but so far this game is really fun!
That game is great.even though the campaign is kinda short,it offers another alternative (vendetta mode) that ain't bad at all.still playing that game,it's good. JUST PUT a LIL DARKNESS IN YOUR LIFE!!
NOT WORTH what i paid for it. short game play. played it on 2 different modes and was not worth the price .fantasic graphics,vedio is great,game play good.game is worth about $29.99, NOT $59.99
Got this for a friend he says it was a good game.
I didn't realize I needed the first game to play this.
a dud of a game, the voices for the characters is terrible, and the gameplay is awful.  a failed attempt at adding multiplayer to harry potter
Fun game. Pokemon is a game everyone can enjoy. I also like the events they have online.
Great game! It's like being inside a horror movie- except that your character is competent so you have a chance to survive!
It's a good game but to difficult even on adventurer which is easy. I have to stop playing sometimes since I've tried everything and it still seems impossible.
This really wasn't a good game.  Consider it a discounted Gears of War style cover and shoot system.  It takes place AFTER the original movie.  Not impressed.  Low quality story.
I hear more cussing in school than ever.Stay away from this game.This game can also be insulting to all those christans.I AM NOT A CHRISTAN BUT STILL INSULTED BY THE WORDS DAMN AND HELL.
Got to love a freebie!!  Plus the game is awesome!
Just sucks, especially when I played it right after Undisputed 3. Horrible gameplay and controls and unimpressive roster of fighters.
Almost lives up to the ps1 wipeout. This is a good portable wipeout game and I found it to be very fun.
i never beat it bc its suck and didn't like and piss me off so i sold it gamestop this game suck badddd
Good fun game! Provides many hours of enjoyment and a good story to boot!
I still haven't beat the game. I keep getting killed! I don't remember these games being so hard! I'm totally determined though! Watch out!
Warning to Parents.  Nudity, Sex and Gore in this Game!!!  If you don't let your kids watch R-rated movies and play games like grandtheft auto don't buy this game.
This was for my son and he has played it for hours on end. I have played it with him as well. It is one of his favorite games and has really good graphics.
Really intense game and worth the money you spend get ready for total sword play killing the orces so so radical better then i ever thought.
I waited a long time for this game to come out. It's definitely different, playing on ice instead of the desert; but it's a lot of run & gun fun!
not downloading more software to download more software. I hope Amazon's video game download sections improves soon. Three more words.
Thought it was like the old castlevania game. My mistake, kids will not play it.
It's a short game & not that all good. It's just not long enough for me.  It you like shooting buy it.
This is a great wresting game overall it has it all. even thorough i had stop watching wresting and i didn't know most of the characters on the game i still enjoyed it.
I guess I should've expected it from Rockstar games. Very shallow storyline and nonsensical, which I guess would be entertaining for some. Just not my thing.
This game is so frustrating and sometimes doesn't react to movements. It also shows a boy for a girl which makes no sense. These two things make this game not so good.
Generic game with bad voice acting. Not bad, but pales in comparison to dozens of other JRPGs I've played.
what can i say anybody that knows super mario rpg or played it when you were younger knows the glory of this game the game came on time and was in good shape
Great Game, only shooting, no riddles, it is different from the Resident Evil  series games, I do recommend this game just for fun.
it's a difficult game to figure out with no directions
I had a great experience with this game my family no longer own this game
Still trying to get it downloaded so can use in game play
i felt like i was in the game lol.. This shipped in the mail super fast thank you
They should make this game more real like  an the game a little bit longer
not the best, it is so hard but i liked game the ps version i am just maybe bad at it this version so far anyways
gReat game, but for  someone who wears glasses might be challenging as the tiles are small and the designs can be confusing.Overall, a time killer game, worth having.
Great game not worth paying 150 to scalpers.
Super fun and spectacular, the graphics are in HD and they look great. I recommend this game for kids who like the series.
I gave this a shot after playing part 3 on Xbox one. Man the gameplay is terrible and totally different from part 3. if your a fan of zombie games play some old resident evil teamsters.
Very good interactive game. Graphics good.  Sound and music keeps the mood of game very interesting and a little scary.
I wish I could tell you something good about this software but unfortunately I can't. Don't waste time, couldn't use even the joystick with this failure game!
frickin awesome. LOVE this gave and the whole series. You will too. this is one of my favorite game picks.
Super game, easy to get in to. Fun story one of the best adventure games from ps vita.
Played it for at least 15 hours, but I learned early on that I have to spend more money on top of what I paid for it to enjoy the game
Please don't get this game it sure aint worth any ten bucks heck I wouldnt pay 50 cents for it worst game I own
I don't get this one.  I like games like Fallout 3 and New Vegas, but this one I could not get started.
It's okay. Just hard to get the games out.
My daughter loves this disk.  She dances all the time.  I decided to buy it instead of renting it all the time.  I am ahead of the game now.
I wouldn't get this again just because I don't play these games anymore but I might recommend it to someone else
this game is good but stuck on a mission
I received the Ghostbusters movie instead. I was looking forward to playing this game
It was a pleasant suprise when i recieved this new. Fantastic game, i wish they'd remake the whole jak and daxter anthology for ps4 some day
This game gets boring after a few hours of gameplay, you end up doing the same thing over and over. I didn't even finish it.
Its nice to have a good vintage cars to drive, but the game its boring, its not a game I would recommend...
Good graphics and that is it. Story, mechanics, everything is aweful! Not the Final Fantasy game anyone expected - total boring disappointment.
I'm sure it's a great game, but it's a better mod tool than anything else! Case and game came to me in great shape.
Junk story line.  Push deadlines to release game that doesn't work.
Works great, does what it says it does. For some of those games you were stuck on....or went through fast and never collected everything. Codes work well. Great Product.
I'm a huge fan of the POP series. I love the game play and the music for this game. It has a nice story as well.
Got bored quick. Didn't even finish the game.. It was literally Making me tired. Good graphics and some funny jokes tho.  Wait for  a sale
Where is the rest of the game? Only 4 planets, and only MP. If you had only half of Battlefront 2 it would be more than this.
this game sucks.  If you want a truly disturbing game play the 3 fatal frames on ps2
This was a gift for my gamer son. He uses them on a computer for gaming and Skype. He absolutely loves them with no complaints.
This is another great game by legos...its fun and exciting to play.  I can't wait till the next lego game comes out.
It was boring and it is very buggy. Worst of all the multiplayer doesn't work at all, it says no servers. Dont buy this game
Wonderful item for a everyone who loves games should have this in their collection  collectable item for those who wish something different.
The best grip out there. Very comfortable and keeps your game safe.
Not the best game, it's driving me crazy!
Samurais are the best I love playing this game and it is coop I love japan and the wars its an awesome game
If you were a fan of Mario Kart or Diddy Kong racing, this game is for you.  The graphics are amazing. Loads of trophies and fun races.  Very cute game.
Gift for Christmas.  Boys are getting PS4 for Christmas and this is one of the games they wanted.
Great JRPG with some good character design and many classes to choose from (in game).I only recommend it for those who like turn based RPGS.
Pretty much what my headline said. If you own a 3ds get this game. By far the most addicting 3ds game I played all year.
I remember this game from when I was a kid. The cartridge I received was in good condition. I cleaned the contacts and it functioned flawlessly in my RetroN 2 console.
By far and wide the worst control scheme of ANY game that I have ever played.
Xbox point cards are great, they can be used to purchase new games online, games not available thru distribution channel. Also they can be used to purchase add-on to previously owned games.
My son and his friends really loved the game.  The game was is really great shape. Thank you Sso much
First game of the saga and it rocks but does not have the improved AI that the 40th day has.Great game,hours of fun!!!
Worked no problem out of the box. One of my favorite games of all time, and the PC version allows you to create custom songs.
good game little short the story mode but good
I was really exited to play this game, I was disappointed when I got it and it said the code was already used so I couldn't play it, DON'T BUY USED
game did not come with a 2nd disc and a key code but I got a refund with no problem.
Four buggy campaigns and a broken multiplayer experience makes this a huge let down for gamers who have been fans of the halo series.
In the spirit of games like sleepimg dogs and strangehold, this is a great adventure/action game. Gameplay and graphic are fluid. Highly recommended for action adventure lovers.
good graphics, but for what? this game is really boring. brings a new light to multiplayer with mechs, but its not fun.
some games would not work, that bothers me. majong is fun to play. i through it away also, oh well
You must be out of your mind to sell it for that price. I could buy 2 games for that price even.
Don't bait me ino a game lying about multiplayerSure its multilayer coop if you have 2 xbox's and 2 copies of the gamereturned
It is the best game of the year. I like it and so will you.
The graphics in this game seem to be from 2004, plus the overall game play just sucks.I was drawn in by the great trailer, but I'd skip this lemon.
Don't buy this game unless you want a racing sim just like all the others.I'm sure people will enjoy it more than I did, but damn man. What a waste of my time.
I absolutely hated this game. The graphics were bad. I understand it's a rerelease but it was just bad.
This game is boring for me but good for babes and children
Worst piece of S*** game I have ever played and uninstalled .  Poor graphics, gameplay, controls, story-line ... you name it!  Waste of time and money!  Avoid this one!
Get the PC version because the controls on this game are horrible. Played it for a half hour then never played it again.
very good game, fun and not so short
Nothing bad can be said about this game. It's the bomb
How does a great game become better?  This is how!  Adds back the religion and espionage Civ IV had and takes it even further!  Easily makes Civ V the best Civ game to hit yet!
I bought this controller and when I first used it the buttons were almost non responsive, I had to press very hard to get the actions on the game to work.
This game is the biggest waste of $20 that I've ever seen.  Stupid, boring, slow, pointless.Anybody want mine?
What a Great game. Amazing graphics and music
Nice game .. but it's clearly incomplete development
I don't like this game at all. I put in a hours worth of time and I can't figure out the mechanics resulting with me jumping around like an idiot in training mode.
tough game it was challenging even on the lowest difficulty !!!scary and fun
Graphics are good, but the story line is very linear and the melee system is weak.  The game is quite buggy as well.
Terrible game design. Don't buy for less than $30.
My son and my daughter both love this game.  It is not too hard nor too easy.  It keeps them interested for a long time.  The price was good also.
Glad I got this game on the cheap because I would be mad as hell had I paid full retail for this uninspired snore festival.
This is a great portable twisted metal game that is similar to Twisted Metal 2. It has more levels and is tons of fun!
Don't buy a Xbox One because every game is coming to PC. Invest yourself on a awesome PC and a PS4. PS4 will have more exclusives that you won't see on the PC.
Loved it. Absolutely loved it. Near flawless. It's one flaw is that it may not appeal to all gamers because it's a visiual novel. No real gameplay. Truly amazing though.
Well worth the $30 for the hrs and hrs of game play you will get. Explore and/or kill all you want. Rambo style or sneaky sneaky. Enjoy
this game sucks big time unable to rescue peole zombies were killing them before tried running still could not do it to many zombies ruin missions
Same old same old. SSDD. I do not understand the high rating on this game. Felt stale and the story was all jumbled up. The RTS sections were a big grinded.
Perfect size for traveling with your 3ds xl and some games and also very protective.
I'm not paying $60 for an old game that is cheaper on another console. Maybe I will play this when it's $20, if I still remember.
The product was delivered promptly and arrived with a bonus Wii game.  I'm very pleased with it.Don't let the packaging fool you - It's a Wii Motion Plus Controller that works with the Wii U.
Never got the game working. Took a week to get a response from Tech Support. ISP was my issue but by then I had reformatted PC and never bothered to reinstall this.
realy good game i love it.plays good works good its good.one of the best games i palyed.
i had fun playing this game i realy love it very much and my son does to he plays it alot to thank you
I don't know how the game was because i never got it and nobody did anything about it, market seller's rules DO NOT BUY
Not much gameplay and just a terrible worthless game on a worthless Sega CD system.
Make cleaning old games a breeze, great product
Got this for my husband for Christmas, he LOVED it.The games are great, the controller came with batteries.I highly recommend this "bundle" for purchase! Its a great deal.
can't complain. all the fun is still there compared to the original 20 years back.Love this game.
Zero fun.  Graphics are very marginal for powerful Xbox's capabilities.  Run from this one, and wait one more year on hoops game.
Some of the best games of all time! Now on PS4! What are you waiting for!?
One of the worst games I have played. I pre-ordered it so I never had a chance to read any reviews. Wish I waited, the reviews were right
Cash grab this one is. Still sell a lot of copies it will. Shame that is.  Many disappointed gamers on Christmas there will be.Yes, many returns.
Not sure about single player, multiplayer was very dull and not too realistic. Would not recommend the game based on the multiplayer.
By far my favorite game on xbox and still one of the best games you can own on this console!!
this game sucks. So very scary. Do not get. I warn you. This game is the worst. Please do not do that again :((((((((((
back when wrestling games was good and not a copy and paste series like today's wwe games that got tookover by 2k
This game was on the Christmas wish list. I remember playing the original Pokemon on my GameBoy, so I love that it's still around for my nephew!
This game is stunning the gameplay is on the edge
this game is not fair the enemys cheat you shoot them and they do not die they keep shooting you afer you shoot them 12 times
Got this for my Cousin and he says it is a great game, very satisfying multiplayer and campaign. Can't beat it for the price!
I wouldn't waste my money on this game.  It is boring and very lame.
CAUTION: the game sucks, and i didn't get my refund in full, totally unfair and not worth the money
thiis is a great game to play the whole family plays it some day we will beat it maybe but love it
Just 5 online rally cross tracks online, no online stages, no replay valueWorst multiplayer game ever
This game was far too easy and rather boring.  I so enjoy the Murder She Wrote tv program, but this game was so repetitive and the graphics were dull.  Short game as well.
loved the game and system but the cd drive kept dying went through 3
While the story is really good, this isn't a game so much as its a movie that occasionally asks if you're still watching it.
I thought this was going to be some sort of a cool real time strategy game.  Instead is really another version of Candy Crush.
Great story, fun combat, an awesome SRPG for the ps3. If you like strategy combat, then you should give this game a go.
Hubby loves it. I didn't know it had game One in it too, +5 for me on picking a good birthday gift.
One of the best looking games on the PS4.
I haven't played any of Sonic Sega Saturn games since it was released and as soon as the music came on, the nostalgia was TOO MUCH! ''' I almost cried.
I love this game, it's way better than the first one for the x box 360,it's  way'' better !
it may have had all the indiana jones lego gameplay but i just didn't like it. something always felt off about this game.
SEGA SPORT NFL 2K2 is a excellent!!! football game on the game systemI give it 5 Stars "Highly Recommended" to buy this game call SEGA SPORTS NFL 2K2 for the game system
This game is about 2 italian engineers in a useless rpg. The story is bad, bad graphics equal bad game, no native americans, bad game it sucks
I hate this game... Waste of money don't buy
Really good game, if you like grinding......  Don't like how they do the raids...
I really liked this game, although everyone knows an Assassin will always conquer a Templar. Just saying...
7 year old daughter and 14 year old son love this game they play for hours finding and trading Pokemon.
i coudnt standing this game. i played like 15 minutes of it.. its just plain boring.i have no clue why they changed it to 3rd person too.
It not a great game maybe at first but after a few day you will get bored is not that great I will recommend getting street fighter 4 arcade edition it is much better
comeon 2 game it should be a larger case instead like a pouch it its okay for the 2ds b
Great game. Improved over GTA 4. You can tell they put the time in on story mode. Just wish either they took longer with the online so people could actually use it.
I do not think there are enough words to say how bad this is. Stay way at all costs.  Buy any other transformers game just not this
It's really sad to see how far AC has fallen since Brotherhood and ACII to be honest. It doesn't feel like a real AC game and gets boring. The new claw is really handy tho
This game isn't that great. I didn't like the characters. The worlds in this one is retarded and it was an easy game. But it's still better than parts 1 and 2.
At first this game was a little slow but after my grandson got hold of it it was great to play.  Lot of action.
Great game for Kids and family time. definitely recommended for moms and dads to jump in and have fun with their kids.
horrible game that's all their is to be said
haven't played it to give u a summary .... enjoyed the items that came with the game so far .... an excellent exhibit for my gaming room ....thx
Works great! One of my all time fave games! inuYasha for life <3
This company puts some of the most frustrating mechanics in a game I have ever seen.  No fun when you get caught in a bug loop and reloads don't help.
Wanted to check out a star war game. Didn't meet my expectations.
This game is not worth what it costs, deceptive advertising, waste of money.
This game is great on console but is really terrible on PC controls are very bad both mouse and keyboard and controller (no inversion) etc. DON'T BUY at any price.
Hadn't bought a Fifa game since 2002, thank goodness EA made this much progress in that decade!
This iteration of the Fifa legacy is a must have for soccer lovers and non-soccer lovers alike. Probably best sports game ever!
It's a solid and cute game but for those looking for a good farm sim may want to look elsewhere.
I let them know do not buy any item out of Amazon Prime is bad this game not buy amazon prime and served no I do not buy more
Usually love Pop Cap games.  This one was a mess - nothing enjoyable about it!
I couldn't troll hard if I tried. $60 for a $50 gift card?Grandma and Grandpa just buy junior the game don't get suckered into this.
the gameplay is ok, but the game is glitch.
beat this in 2.5 hours, story was better in the first, this game should have been lvl 1, and there some new force powers but not much betterRENT this
At the time my 4 and 6 yr. olds were into Cars but not this game.  Not easy for young ones to navigate through the missions and they were bored with it very easily.
I don't like this game chiefly because the music sucks. On top of that, the story is not very dynamic. I hate slow movements and boring conversations. :(
For the price, I feel this is an inferior and downright boring game. Seek other media entertainment.
Product as described.  Fast shipping and delivery.  Very long and enjoyable game.  Excellent graphics and music.
As advertised. Great game brand new in impeccable packaging with speedy delivery. Thanks!
These games where bad when they came out, now a remaster really? Give it up square let real game makers make RPGs now your time is over.
I love this game there is soooo much to do on here so many games a definite buy if your a sonic fan or old school games love love love it
Very bad game I'm more than 2/3 finished and the whole time its been very hard to keep playing I really wish I could get money back on a digital download!
Love this game, The mini game are fun and you can play this over and over.
I don't like the case of this game, it seems like they are trying to be a little bit mainstream, but the game itself is good and fun i guess.
Fun game. Amiibo brings a whole new level of fun with Pixel Toad.
I didn't like this game, it so weird and the enemies are bullet sponges.
My son love it!!!  Big gamer!
Can't beat saving around 40$ on sales tax or a free game thrown in. No problems with the console or forza after almost 3 months.
It's an okay game but unless your into MMORPG avoid.
good game not for everyone postal 2 and the first ones are classic also
BF 4 as of now is crap. EA has stopped development of all games till they have fixed this steaming pyle so that should tell how bad it is!!!
A lot of nice cars but other then that is not that fun to play same challenge repeatedly game layout & play is horrible do not buy the game not worth the money.
No gamepad only support. I don't get lots of time to use the tv so I guess I wasted $60. Nintendo get your act together and support your hardware.
The game is so fun and for a game that came out in 2009 its surprisingly aging very well. Love the difficultly and the story. Such a great game!
The nunchuck will suddenly stop working or move your character in the game randomly when you're not touching it.  It was a disappointment.  However, Amazon Customer Service was great to deal with.
My favorite DS game of all time.  So much fun.
I've never played this game in my life but I'm assuming it's good. It looks funny. Kinda like my cat. .........
As a fan of both dc universe and marvel it was great to have the opportunity to play my favorite characters from both sides . Great game delivery was prompt
Any one that thinks this game is rated over three, they are goofy . For a Shooter gametry playing FarCry 3 & 4
This game is to short and easy for any kid's
This series is amazing. Very extensive gameplay, story and character development. A must have for any RPG fan's collection. Definitely will not disappoint.
My wife and I love these splitscreen coop games.  I wish more like this would come out, but they seem to be a dying breed.
the final fantasy legend games are a perfect example of the gameboy's limits which makes the game unplayable for me save your money and buy final fantasy 4, 7, or 9.
It's a really wrestling game,i love reenacting the attitude era!
it has good music and it is so addicting that i could not put it down. worth a game if anyone likes puzzle games.
Man WTF happen to TC's games??? Oh wait, UBISOFT!
terrible game, poor controls, and the views make me dizzy and sick after a while of game play.  i wouldn't recommend this to any fan of the series.
The price was awesome, I just love the sales that make your children happy. The game is addicting and these guys get cuter each time.
but i know my game i purchased is a counterfeit and was more then likely after market illegally made not happy at all with this purchase
well it wasn't the way I expected the game to be, but it was alright ,some things were  harder to figure out than most
Bugs abound that Trion never even acknowledges, let alone fixes.  Meanwhile they nerf anything fun about the game at any given juncture.
Why in this day and age will an outfit like EA put out a race game that dos not support a fricken "STEERING WHEEL"
This is a fun game, I had a good time with this one. Good for its price and it came on time.
That is alot of money for a game that is only $5 on ps3 .better graphics um not really.looks the same to me.
Another game just for kids. Adults will be bored with it!! I think the genre is most likely for ages 9-14.. Its too boring for adults!. I won't finish playing it..
I've been trying to download the game for the last 3 days.  $60 for this grief?  Wait a month.The downloading keeps failing.  I've restarted the downloader 10 x now.
This connected to my iPhone 5s well and worked great; however, the selection of games were limited and were not that fun.
One of the most gorgeous games ever.  A great world to get lost in.
This game is the whole reason I went ahead and bought a playstation 2 console in 2013 (when playstation 4s are already in the market). He loves this game.
I never hear of gamers talking about these but I love it. It connects to everything but no bluetooth. The style and sound is professional like.
one must have this game! great story, awesome graphics, great gameplay! truly worth your money and time! one of the greatest games ever! playing this is worth it!
this game cheats the ai pull you from your hiding place and team up on you in a fight rockstar games always cheat
Thought this would look like the xbox 360 graphics but looks more like a Nintendo game to me. Very shocked and disappointed.
this game is wicked fun and the AI is very interesting because it makes you think on your feet and makes sure that you don't get too used to how it plays.
The code worked great. The game is really challenging. But the story is terrible.
My son loves Skylanders of any kind and wants them all.Haven't found a skylander yet that isn't fun to play with, in and out of the game!We would recommend.
Doesn't support Widows 7, 8, or 10. Disappointment. They need to repatch this game for never operating systems.
Worst MOH game ever. Don't waste your time or money.
Why so much hype and top scores from reviewers?  It must be the cash bribes from EA because I thought this game was terrible.
Did not work for my son's game cube!!! He was so sad
it wouldnt play on my older desktop and it won't play on my new laptop so you must have to have a super computer to play the game.
Works well, although the buttons seem to be slightly taller than regular buttons. This in no way impacts game play, it just feels a little different.
I played most all driving video game -new and old and this has got to be the worst one I have ever played. Don't wast your money on this game.
Whoever reads this don't buy this game. I bought because I'm a fan of the franchise. But no more.. this game make me lose my love for resistance.
Great game, the Cartman action figure is very detailed and awesome.. huge replay ability and a delight to fans of the show..
Good game, fun. Just like ceasar. Love it.
As good as the first game is, this sequel outshines the first game in every single way! A great and memorable game. What an incredible and tense ending! Play with caution!
The Best Guilty Gear Game Yet! If you are a fan of Fighting games and heavy metal this game is for you!
This is an issue i run into sometimes with games that use touchscreen and buttons as controls. There is no option for left handed controls on the gamepad. Once again nintendo was not thinking clearly again.
I bought the game but this game no longer has a server so no way to play online, don't buy it.
Another game we thoroughly enjoy for the price of 1 popcorn and 1 soda pop at the movies.Definitely more bang for the buck on this choice!
Not much to say. Sony forces you to buy it if you want any substantial amount of games on your PS Vita. It works.
Why is it so hard to make a good sequel? Many parts of the gameplay in this follow-on are way too hard, most of it is too easy and monotonous. Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's i the game not something else and it came fast also the game was well protected and it wasn't damaged
This is one of the best military games I have ever purchased. I take my hat off to the makers of this game.
Just a fun game for the whole family. Me, my 11 year old daughter and my mom had a blast playing it. The kind of games that made the Wii famous.
Bought this because of RE 4. The game didn't disappoint!A little bit of a unique style but the highlight is in the gameplay itself.
Im excellent and rhythm games but it seems broken or something on PSP. The timing just doesn't work right.
I love Mario games this has dome challaging levels
This looked like a good game till I tried to play it...it needed another program to open and play it which slowed up my computer to the max!
the kids realy didn't like this u had to play with the numb chuck just not a very fun gamethis sonic wasn't that fun sorry
This game runs better on ps4 so i gave this 1 star.ps4= 1080p@60fpsxb1= 792p@40-55fpsif you like first person shooters ps4 is the console for these from now on.
the game diden't play at allvery disapointedfeel lied to about conditionwaste of money so unhappy with this.
This game has had problems from day one. Save your money for another game. This one is not really worth it.
It is not a great game but worth the money. I love the DC characters and just play those missions.
Ok game, just not enough players on xbox one to use multiplayer consistantly.
The game doesnt work and they do not know how to fix it. So they are trying to milk the game before they abandon it.
My son has had a wonderful day today playing this game.  I have hardly seen him.  He loves it.  I expect many hours of happy game play.
Best game I've ever played. Looks great on the PS4. Nobody can tell a story like Naughty Dog.
Wow You have 10 items for Nancy Drew to Find and 10 for the other guy in the game, Talk about Boring Please don't dissapoint anyone and buy them something else
This game is great, You can possess anything that moves.From Greedy glukkon's, to slig and big bro sligs! This games a blast..in more ways then one.
This game would not download it seemed to have some conflicts. However Amazon Customer Service is TERRIFIC! they are the most helpful and nice folk.
Awesome game for a great price. Fast shipping too. So happy
This would be a very cool game but it requires Internet  witch totally  ruinous  the whole  experience
I hoped that this game was fun, seeing on all the reviews and stuff, but it's not. This game needs like this expansion, to make it more,supposedly fun, don't buy it!
Awesome game play.  A Fusion of Assassins Creed, God of War, and Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver!!!!
They forgot to mention that the game was for online gaming only
I've read the long reviews on this and bought it anyways. To keep this review short, the game has nice graphics, but the experience is lame.I would not recommend buying this.
This game is cool, love the animation and the color.
this game is crap and is unfair enemys have guns and shoot you whenever you try to move and the other turtles steal your crystals
Online content not supported anymore and lack luster game. Good shopping great price. Eh game.
Its a good game but very short campaign finished it in 1 sitting a total of an hour and a half smh good thing I only paid $8
They sent me a cable for an NES instead of the one for gamecube. The cable is not cross compatable so it does not even work on my system.
The game was awesome it has an amazing story line. The graphics are great! Well worth it! I really enjoyed this game.
All high quality figurines, so that even if you're not interested in the game play aspects of the Amiibo, it's still a nice collectible :)
The gameplay is flawless and so intense, this reboot version of Tomb Raider is the BEST version of the franchise, in my opinion and I am a tomb raider fan since 1996.
Graphics look like a mid-grade PS3 game. Game play is horrible and repetitive. I really I wish I would have rented this before I bought it.
Beautiful game, though it does take a bit of getting used to since it has quite a few differences from other Zelda games.
Least liked figure in the marvel lineup.Glitchy game play and skill set isn't so hot.
didn't work not compatible with any currently owned games sending ALL move items back too much hassle...worthless to me
My 6 year old loves this games. We have had it since a few months and it is his go to game.
This is the best james bond game I ever play. It's just like the movies. You can do all different kind of things. I recommend this game.
The worst game I've ever played. Period
Kids love this game. So much fun. Happy with purchase!
worse game I have ever had.  Mickey Mouse would have been much better.
Amazing, just as good as when I played it on the n64 my boyfriend who had never played any zelda's is starting to because he wants to play this game
2nd hand game, had to pay for returning.
Loved this game.Very different from need for speed because of vehicular damage, but yet a vary vary sweet racing game, with some awesome cars and tracks, and some top notch competition.
Played this a few times..  I like the first one better - but my friends like this one.. The graphics are amazing.. If you like FPS then get this game.
bought it used got have way throught and game won't play
hard game to beat but i love a challenge this is fun  i like it bunches. thank you so much
I really enjoy this game it has a lot of features to adjust and also in the playing environment glad i found it
On June 24, Sony and Lucas Arts announced that the game would be shut down as of DEC 15, 2011.  If you buy this game, you will not get value for your money
since I got rid of my super Nintendo I have missed playing Donkey Kong. Got the game and love being able to sit down and teach my granddaughter how to play too.
Game Worked Great at first, but then when I got to level 9 it stopped working. I'm never buying a used game under atceptible condition from Amazon Warehouse again!
Great gift, my boyfriend collects all these video games, movies, etc.
Only good game is ori. Returned system immediately.
This game is unplayable . It feels like your playing 10 fps Very slow
It works, but for a lot of games, you need to be about 2 feet away.  I recommend a Nintendo brand sensor bar
a must have if you don't dwn load your games
This game is nothing like the description. I like RPG games, but I would only give this to someone (as a christmas gift) who I didn't like.
Tried the game for a week and enjoyed it enough to want more.  A fast and easy way to jump into the Old Republic without having to give someone else my information all over again.
Love RPG's so this is a must have 4 any collection. Really njoyed the game play. Plenty of hours worth.
Big fan of the Halo franchise and as always this is a great game!
I loved this game when i was a kid and now i cant tear myself away from the screen. this game arrived in amazing condition and the shipping was fast.
Honestly awful, played about four hours worth of the game and didn't like it at all. If you are a fan of traditional third person shooters...you will not like this game.
One of the best Zelda games ever.  Really ties in nicely and brings more Legend to the game (play it and pay attention to the story and you'll know what I mean).
How can anyone find it okay to charge this type of price? Unless there is a free game included with this deal there is no way I am paying a price this unreasonable!
Supposed to be complete edition. Season pass code was already used. Good game tho
we love spyro for ps2 so when I seen this I had to try it we really enjoyed it a lot the game was like new and it was on time
I've downloaded many of these games from Amazon and this is the first one that my anti virus just wouldnt let me download.
Awesome game, takes you back to the stone age and gives you a different feel then your normal first person shooter.
very good game, perfect package and easy to open, thanks..
They love to play most every game on this disk. I love that you don't have to play them online=0)
Kind if a confusing hard game for kids. Didn't hold our interest.
After playing these two great games the Metal Gear Solid series has become my all time stealth series.
This game is psychotic and for people with serious issues. I would hate to meet the disturbed minds that came up with it.
There is a nice little story that goes along with the game. Not too difficult to play.
The game didn't come with a case, and on top of that the game did not even work very disappointed
the game is pretty cheap and you cant realy do much because the game does all of the fighting for u kind of depressing
Not worth buying, I would rent it or buy from the pawnshops for $15-20. I will sum up the game for you real quick,  GRINDING for NOTHING!
very fun game and is occasionally cheaper on amazon then anywhere else. this game is amazing. Remember that you need an internet connection to play. go buy this game.
Its a wonderful game that I enjoy every time I play. Its a bit difficult but the challenge is worth it.
Daughter loves it, Looks like a fun game.
I love the movie but dislike the game .
this is a very funny game. better when played around a group. cracks me up
My son hated this game and had me sell it to gamestop. Waste of money
Cute, but juvenile. The game is slow and repetitive. It's so-so.
Great batman video game series ever can't wait for Arkham knight
outdated the day I got it .. did help for a few of the current games I had on the shelf. Worked as advertised.
They delayed the free edition so that we could pay the full price.  I am not paying full price for this stupid game. I just want the free one. Hope that i helped
Broken. Really nothing more can be said about this game.
you got me game no good don't work thanks
Heck of a bundle. 17 games for one small price. Keep your eye on it and you can get this bundle for less than the price of one of the individual games.
This is my first tomb raider, but wow!!! no regrets at all, this game is awesome, graphics are insane, summarizing you should get this game!!!!
Does not fit and it blocks all access points like the charger and the game cartridge spot plus others
I had some Amazon courtesy credits and ended up getting this game for $0.45. even at that it was way over priced! it's just that bad and that boring.
This game is just like Super Mario and the only difference is you have less time to play on each bored.
great game in my opinion I read it was going to be a short game and I did not have nay problem with that since I like to take my time playing majority of the games I buy.
I don't like this game. It was really bad!
this product is very good since it helped me beat some of my games and it was exactly how i wanted it
Revenge mode prevents WWE Wrestlemainia XIX from being a great game. If you own a Gamecube get this to play as u wait for Day of Reckoning!
The young man I gave this to is very happy and is using it and not problem in getting the game. I got it in the time told.
This is fantastic. I played Uncharted: Golden Abyss, again, and this thing made the game so much more enjoyable. Virtual Tennis as well. I recommend this to anyone.
I hate this game because I did not like playing as sheila or agent 9 at all it is bad for me. I can only collect up to 32 fireflies.
Game is  terrible. You have to follow guides around. You can't choose your own weapons, and the game shouldn't have been made.
I only played this game for 2 days,it is boring and my dog was an idoit sometimes.
Awesome to finally play this game on the Wii U playing it on the gamepad is going to be sick.
An excellent classic, back when movie licensed games were awesome.
I've liked smash bros since it was on the Nintendo 64. This game doesn't disappoint, very fun game play and enjoyable, takes me back. Nintendo did it right!!!!
This game is crap and Logging into the account is broken. The game is garbage and not worth a penny.
They work great. Perfect for most cartridges. I've had on one game they didn't work on (Mortal Kombat 2 for sega genesis). Generally mostly use the smaller one.
Only the stupidest and laziest game programmers don't program key remapping ability into their game settings.  Like this game!  Do not buy this game if you don't like using WASD keys for movement!
an exclusive card for Sony laptop very good and fast addition to its ability that allows you to store an endless number of games, music and videas for you to take wherever you want
This is an alright game, pretty much the same old same old here. Nothing fancy, nothing record breaking, it's just the same old same old
I highly recommend this game to those wishing multi-player action. There are a numerous variety of tracks to race on with all the challenges of a Mario game.
Stick with 2D ninja turtles games konami cause they clearly can't make a fun 3d game.
My at the time 6 year old son loved it and played in frequently.  One of his favorite movies and now game.
The voucher came very fast. This game is totally worth the price.
Worst mouse I've ever had. The DPI settings are horrid and the mouse constantly skips, especially in games
Fantastic game and my almost favorite generation to date.
Great story. Deserves a season 2. Classic TellTale game if u like that style this is easily one of the best.
I liked this gameActually I love Nintendo and the Wii, but this game is the worst, not recommended and do not think it gives children a bad message
I was in need of more space for my games and the Memory Card came in very good time to very good use.
i did not get a chance to review this game because it did not work. I had to exchange it for a refund.
Kid just not in to this game very much . I don't know why . It looks good with the grafics .
Excellent game to continue the Pikmin franchise. If you are new to the series or a repeat player you will love the game, the great picture quality and the story!
Fast busy game fun for all fast delivery good price
for RPG fans ! one of the best game in psvita !
The game is very fun and involving. It has great graphics and new moves. It is also very fun to play it online. Go ahead..... buy it with no regrets.
